Potter #1 The start, #1, of the Potter saga is my favorite. I wanted the Blu Ray edition so I could watch it in the best quality. This movie is great and so is the quality.
You're never too old to go to Hogwarts The books taught me to read. Now I'm in my twenties and I still watch the movies and read the books often to cheer myself up. You're never too old for Harry Potter.
Great movie. Just as good the second time around as the first. The books still give a ton of detail more than the movie, however, but having read the book, the movie is great.
Harry Potter - was the hd worth it? We rented this through our amazon Prime membership. I was torn about paying the extra buck for HD. I am not sure it was worth it because I don't think the original was in hd. Amazon offers old old movies in hd for an extra fee, which I find annoying because they are going to be fuzzy no matter what. I feel the same way here, although I wish I could know ahead of time the difference before I shell out the extra cash.
Completed My Collection! I along with a lot of people I know felt we had the complete series by buying the 8 disc "complete Harry Potter Collection" but I felt the need to get this DVD to complete my collection, and now I am the only person I know with all 8 movies AND the not sold in the USA Philosopher's Stone! I will cherish this movie forever!
Close adaptation, stunted direction Chris Columbus has got to be the worse successfull director in history. His camera is still, his shots boring, his pacing perplexing and his lighting banal. The problem with this movie is him, he is not making a movie, just filming a book. The problem is, you can't film a book you have to adapt it to a visual medium, this is not a visual man working here. Want to understand my POV, then read this book & Fellowship of the Ring, then go watch the two films. Both are faithful adaptations, but one is interesting, one boring. I can't wait for the third film and finally, a new director. The bright spot, the cast. The kids are great, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger is perfect, but if you notice, Daniel Radcliff, Harry, get's very little good dialogue, he's like a supporting player in his own film. As for the DVD. The deleted scenes should be in an extended version, not hidden behind some inane game you have to play to watch them on the second disk. ... How about a real, decent documentry next time? A real extra we don't have to waste precious minutes of our lives looking for.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I purchased the extened version. I enjoyed the movie, it is action packed and see more things when I watch the mover over and over. It is worth every penny.
Not Bad I must say that I agree with reviewer Kethlenda that though it's a good movie, I don't think that anyone who hasn't read the books would understand it. I have read the first four books many, many times, and I plan to read the fifth book the day it's released in the U.S.. However, my older brother has not read the books, yet he watched the movie with me. He was constantly asking, "What?" and said at the end that he didn't understand about 3/4 of it (not his words exactly, but from what he told me, I'd say that I'm being generous when I state "3/4"). I also agree that the part about Hermione solving the potions part of the puzzle should not have been cut out. I was horribly distraught when I saw that they had cut that part out. For me, that was one of the coolest parts. I wanted to see how they would show the fires that appear at the doors. It wouldn't have been that hard. They could have used CG (computer graphics) for it, just like they'll probably have to do in book #4. Anyway, overall, good book; one of the more faithful movies that I've ever seen, but DEFINITELY not perfect.
This was a fine film - for what it is. I'm not going to tell you that the movie lived up to or didn't live up to the book. All I will say is that this movie is pretty good for what it is. This is a fun kids' phantasy film. Don't try to equate this to "The Lord of the Rings" either. This movie, like the book, is to "The Lord of the Rings" like a romance novel is compaired to "A Tale of Two Cities". Sorry to say so Harry fans, but it's true. Yes it is. Anyway... I was mainly interested in seeing this movie because John Cleese was going to be in it. Well, don't let that be your reason, because he barely is. (Hopefully, he'll have a bigger part on the DVD version) I was pleasantly surprised though. The makeup is very good and the special effects are quite up to par. Of course, as I mentioned before, they shouldn't be compaired to TLOTR. That might leave you dissapointed. I'd advise you to get this for your kids, or if you don't have kids, tell the guy at the store that you do, and get it for yourself. I highly recommend this film. How anyone can give this a one star rating, I cannot comprehend.
Good film This first film of the popular book series has its occasional flaws, (notably through the Norbert story) but it is a fair adaption of a wonderful tale.
PERFECT!!!! For me, the Harry Potter movie was 11/10. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) couldn't have been better, despite the fact he had blue eyes!He created a certain air that told me, this wasn't just an actor, this was Harry Potter. Emma Watson as Hermione was pretty good, except she didn't quite look right. Hermione is supposed to be ugly - and Emma Watson is frankly pretty. But I did love the way she acted with Ron especially. Hmmmmm....Ron. If you haven't read the books inside out and you're not able to recite the books off by heart, then you won't understand why Ron isn't quite right. Although acting in his own right, he was hilarious, compared to JK Rowling's portrayal of Ron, he's wrong. He's Rupert Grint, not Ron Weasley. Hagrid was perfect and his acting with Harry at the very end of the film brought tears to my eyes. One thing - the film is just TO SHORT!!! Even though it's 2+1/2 hours long, it's not long enough. I always feelat the end of the film as though I've abruptly been thrust out of Harry's world. This film, like the books, will be a classic.
Magical This movie honors the book completely, it's almost identical to the book. It brings the magic of Diagon Alley, Gringotts, the Forbidden Forest, Quidditch, the Hogwarts Express, and Hogwarts to life. The characters are so individual and diverse. The trio is a force to recon with, and has a bond that is endearing to the audience. Harry is the champion, Ron the Heart, Hermione is the brains. Fred and George are excellent comic relief. Snape is the type of character viewers both love and hate, he's a creep who's on the right side. Dumbledore is a mentor, a protector and the most powerful Wizard in that world. Voldemort is pure evil. He willing/deliberately turned himself into the monster he became. He embraced the worst types of magic, beliefs, and societies. He corrupts anyone he comes into contact with. He survives at any cost, cheats death at the expense of others. He treats ally and enemy the same, he hasn't any compassion or guilt left in him. Fans never tire of this movie. This is magical - literally and emotionally.
My 8 year old son loved it. Just finished book one and rewarded with ... My 8 year old son loved it. Just finished book one and rewarded with movie one! He wants to name his children Harry and Hermione. not kidding : /
an excellent one for the kids I cant wait for the next one! Excellent storyline with a great cast. Great magical effects. Wouldn't we all like to of gone to hogwarts!
much better than the book When it comes to Harry Potter, I have mixed feelings. The books are very entertaining, but they are also pretty silly, and can't hold a candle to the brilliant works of such writers as Tolkien, CS Lewis, E Nesbit, and such others. Harry Potter deserves five stars for entertainment value, but one star for innovation and sophistication. So why is the movie so much better? Well, movies don't always have to be taken as seriously as books do. Not only that, but it is extremely entertaining without having to deal with childish narrative or the fact that there are a billion fantasy stories like this. Harry Potter is just a fun movie, and while I only recommend the books for those who need a break from Dostoyevsky and Victor Hugo (and certainly, we all need a break from serious books now and then), this movie has something for everybody, and can be watched anytime. I would have given this 4.5 stars, but i can't, and it definitely doesn't deserve the five stars i would give a more serious movie, so four will have to do. Peace!
Hugely Entertaining! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) introduces audiences to the imaginative world created by JK Rowling through the eyes of Hollywood filmmakers, and it is truly fantastic! The story presented in the book is timeless, but what makes the Harry Potter series so appealing (in my opinion) is how cleverly Rowling describes Hogwarts and the rest of the magical world. It translates wonderfully to the big screen and really brings the book to life. Speaking of the book, the film is quite faithful to the original story. I think that it is the most accurate of any film in the series to date. Although staying strictly by the book doesn't guarantee a great movie, this film has no problems. It stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson as Harry, Ron, and Hermione, respectively. Their acting isn't quite brilliant, but they are cute in the roles. Other actors such as Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, and Alan Rickman have supporting roles. The first Harry Potter film is splendid entertainment! 5 stars.
Review for Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone This is the first in the series of Harry Potter movies absolutely love this movie and this has really good special features on the second disc
I didn't think I'd like them. Watch this series now if you haven't. I didn't think I'd like them....I don't normally nerd out on fantasy-type things, but this just rocked.
Nice!!! Very good movie my family was so excited to finally complete our collection, and with the digital copy long road trips will be more exciting.
Entertaining Intro to the Potter Mythos An 11 year old boy living a banal existence, kept in a cupboard under the stairs by nasty step-caregivers [calling to mind a bit of James and the Giant Peach], learns he is actually the son of accomplished wizards. Traveling to a mystical academy in a pseudo-parallel universe he meets friends, has adventures, and saves the day [Willy Wonka redux?]. Based on the line of successful books, the movie was a nice albeit condensed introduction to the Potter mythos. I felt it was lively, with some great performances by seminal figures in British film/stage. Some of the CG effects were a bit unpolished, like the giant troll or the three headed dog, but they were more than made up for in the sprawling set designs and clever scenery. The hunting around in dank dark attics, or dungeons called to mind the exploring, treasure hunting `Goonies'. Targeted towards the younger set, it still made for a nice viewing. Wide-screen version, recommended.
Magical! This is a very good adaptation to the book. It truly brings the book to life. I know the young actors aren't the best, but you have to cut them some slack. They are children in their first big movie. The whole family can enjoy this movie. All in all, done very well.
helloo! its the best! harry potter is the BEST series in the world and kj rowling is sooo talented!!! there's a reason why harry potter's so popular! get THEM ALL
POTTER ROCKS! Although doesn't go with the book so well it is a Great DVD. First of all they cut out Peeves completly wich was really dumb and they skipped the potions thing with harry and hermonie down in the trapdoor place. Hagrid isn't that big like he's mentioned in all the books AND poffessor Q-Querial in the forrbiden forest looks like a Dementor. Other than that this movie ROCKS! I really have to say I loved the quidditch match even though they only showed 1. Uncle Vernon is very fat very much like his son Dudley (Dudders as his Aunt calls him). His Aunt very skinny and Mean. DUN DUN BOOM. Voldemort looks OK but not perfect. Now to my complements The DVD is very long which I like because I like long Movies. I love the special walk through Hogwarts thing on the DVD. THe Movie is so full of exeitment and action. There are 4 houses in Hogwarts Griffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. My Favorate is Ravenclaw! I hate Griffindor! Any way if you want a good DVD this is it.
Could have used a better DVD I absolutely adore the Harry Potter books...this movie had a lot going for it -- a brilliant cast (Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrain, John Cleese), the greatest composer of our time (John Williams) and a script given the thumbs-up by J.K. Rowling herself. Columbus, thankfully, proved me wrong. He delivered a great film that was faithful to the book and found three enormously talented young actors to guide this project. I only wish Warner Bros. had put as much effort into this DVD set as the filmmakers obviously did into their movie. Don't get me wrong, it's an okay DVD, and certainly worth getting if you're a fan of the film, but as far as extras go, there's not much to recommend it for the grown-up audience. There are some nice deleted scenes and a few games that the kids will enjoy, but that's about it...I still recommend the DVD, because the movie is absolutely fantastic, but don't expect much else to hold your attention if you're over the age of 11.
Sorcerer's Stone This is my favorite of the Potter series of books/movies. Awesome in blu-ray. My dog ate my copy and I am happy I could find a replacement
I had to, I think you do too If you are a Harry Potter fan, or know one I recommend you collect the entire collection of ultimate editions. I have and I love them all!
An action-packed movie with signs of love & friendship! To the "naked" eye, this movie does seem dull, boring, childish, immature, and a thousand other words. That is....though, just the first impression. This movie is not just a movie about wizardry and magic. It's about friendship, love, courage, and learning to conquer your fears. The actors and actresses show us how we may go through life. We may come across enemies like Malfoy. Or we may unexpectedly find a friend we'll have for a lifetime. And it shows us how to sacrifice ourselves for the people we love and care about. Of course, all of us Harry Potter lovers did miss all of the things not showed in the movie thats in the book. That's why I recommend you to read the book first. The movie's great too, the book's better, and you'll certainly understand it better. I loved it, and the creativity is immense! Who would think to write a book about......a wizard? I know I certainly wouldn't! I hope all of you enjoyed the movie that made me a better person in many ways.
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT! Here's the scene: I'm a relatively sane, socially adept woman of twenty-something, sitting with a friend in a crowded (and I mean, crowded) movie theater in November 2001. I'm surrounded by toddlers, tykes, kiddies, pre-teens, etc. etc. My friend is not a child, so instantly we stick out like sore thumbs, two adults in a children's movie. For 2+ hours, I in J.K. Rowling's inspired world. I was living at Hogwart's. I was practicing my wizardry (although, at this stage, only with the popcorn). I was LIVING HARRY POTTER. Can I give this movie more than 5 stars? It was fabulous. And now, I can see it over and over and over again at home! (And, yes, I know all about the Lord of the Rings vs. Harry Potter debate. Lord of the Rings was a better movie technically -- not as in special effects technical, but as in movie-making-as-an-art technical. But you know what? I wanted to BE Harry Potter after the movie. Not so with Frodo Baggins. Sorry all you Tolkein fiends!)
Loved it I really enjoyed going through the whole box set and particularly loved watching the extended versions as well as the special features :)
Very Good Great work! Creatively written, superb casting, good selection of material to cover from the book, excellent screen play and fine acting.
Finally I Watched the first movie My mom bought me the first Harry Potter book when it first came out, I loved it and continued to read everybook since then. But I never started watching the movies until "Goblet of Fire" came out, I'm big on reading but not so much on movies coming from books. That being sad, I enjoyed this movie a great deal and it stayed very true to the book in my opinion. At this point everyone knows the story of Harry Potter and his beginnings so I'll skip on that. Luckily the movie jumped right into the plot, they didn't spend too much time on the his life with the Dursley's and touched on the more important scenes. The casting was done well, each of the kids were able to grasp and portray the personalities we've all read in the books, as well as the Hogwarts professors. Reading all of the books before even watching the first movie didn't take away from the excitement of watching Sorcerer's Stone. I think this movie is a great intro into a fun and exciting series of books.
Great movie! I love the amazon rental program If you want to,have a Harry Potter Marathon all you need is over 19 hours and Amazon Movie Rental!
Ignore the cutsey second disk Like so many other reviewers, I have to say that I really enjoyed the movie (after all, I watch things to be entertained, not to analyse them). I should have liked to see the deleted scenes integrated into the movie, rather than stuck in some silly game on the other disk, but what the heck? There aren't really worth slogging through the rather clunky interface to get to, although the first (movie) disk is worth watching. It doesn't seem to matter whether you've read the books first or not -- my husband hadn't, I had, and we both enjoyed the movie about the same. I can only suggest that you remember that all fiction requires a *willing suspension of disbelief* and that this is fantasy written for children. The supporting cast were wonderful, and I think young Radcliffe shows potential. We adults need to remember that this is aimed at kids, who are usually much less critical about detail than we are. A nice flick, worth a second (or third or forth) look.
Students Enjoy Harry This movie gets 5 stars because middle school students can relate to Harry. Students can relate to the problems Harry must overcome.
We love HP! Great movie for the whole family! We have girls 5-10 and everyone loved it. We'll most definitely be buying the entire set of movies.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Great Casting. I especially like Hagrid and Hermoine. The special effects are terrific. Not an exact copy of the book, but very good.
to complete the collection We have been searching for the first "Harry Potter" but did not want "The Sorcerer's Stone," rather "The Philosopher's Stone." Being an European title we could not find it in the states. Amazon.com had it used for a decent price, shipping was early and the movie is in tip-top shape. Thank you
great flick entertaining for all ages. Watched the movie with my wife and we both enjoyed it. Will be watching more of the films in the series.
The Wizard That Started A World Craze I saw this movie the second day it came out. I had read the books (like almost everyone else in the world). *Haha* I knew it was going to be a hit as soon as I sat down in the theatre. It was captivating. (I mean there (or course) were kids all over the place. They were regular kids, noisey, loud, full of energy but, as soon as the movie started it went dead silence. I've never seen a theatre go so quiet so soon. There was one little 6 year old boy that was sitting in front of me. He was really wild. But, I noticed that when the movie started he stopped almost imediatly. I glanced at him a couple times through the movie...he never moved. I'd never seen a 6 year old sit still so long.) The special effect in this movie were great. Chris Columbus did an awesome job. (Thank you, J.K. Rowlings for finally agreeing to make "Harry Potter" into a movie.)
~THE ~BEST MOVIE EVER!/HARRY,HERMIONE AND RON ARE AMAZING~ Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone was a very entertaining and enjoyable. The deleted scene "Finding Flamel" was a really funny sequence that shouldn't have been left out of the film. I personally wanted to find out more about the 3 little heroes played by Harry, Hermione and Ron, but it was still a delightful experience. The movie was nothing like the book as more people would say but the film had great moments just as well as the book did. I rated this film 5 stars because of the effort that was put in the story from the very beginning, and i CAN'T wait until the second movie "Chamber Of Secrets" comes into theaters on Friday November 15th, 2002. Overall, I think the best part on the dvd was meeting the 3 little stars that made this movie possible, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Hermione (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grint). GREAT FILM!!!
Great item, though not for reseller prices. This is a great way to pick up the copy with BluRay, DVD and digital copy in a single package. It's a Target Exclusive, so you can find it there, and from 11/06/11 to 11/12/11, it's on-sale for $9.99. For that price, it's a great pick up, though not from any reseller on Amazon.
I bought this for my wife because she watched the ... I bought this for my wife because she watched the original one we had so much that it started to skip a lot in the DVD player.
Please!! Come on people, get a grip! Of course we don't actually believe this 'nonsense' -- I mean, it's called fantasy. Just because YOU don't like fantasy doesn't mean you have to call everyone who does an idiot. You don't watch movies so you can believe they're real -- you watch them to escape real life. If you don't know that by now... And for anyone who's blaming the author for 'missing scenes', as one reviewer's doing -- it's not as though J.K. Rowling has any control over that! Sure, she can say that a certain scene is necessary, but it's not her fault if the DVD is defective. 5 stars for the movie, but people should try to actually write intelligent reviews sometimes, and not swearword-filled, ALL-CAPS, hateful paragraphs. I mean, come on people.
Very Good Series My daughter grew up watching Harry Potter, but I never saw it until now. She asked me to watch it with her and it was great!
Review of Movie The Harry Potter movies are the best movies ever made. My children watch them all the time! J. K. Rowling is a genius.
Very Refreshing Story !!! I have seen this movie already three times in the theaters, and I am planning to buy the DVD widescreen version. One of the things that most impressed me is that may three year old child was mesmerized by the film and did not fall to sleep both times that he has seen it. JK Rowlings did a wonderful job of writing a book so interesting. I believe that the most amazing aspect of the story is that it is about everyday life at a not so common school. The film is almost like reading the book. No complaint about it. It is still nice to read the book, but the film brings into being the wonderful caracters of Harry and Hermione. If you have not read the book, the vocabulary may be a little difficult, so that you have to see it at least twice. If you read the book is just wonderful to watch the movie. I give it five stars for the wonderful story telling and imagination.
Am outstanding film...brought my family together. .. This was an amazing movie that brought my family together to watch it. It interested the rest of my family in Harry Potter.
Great movie Great movie!!! It was fun and exciting. Very enjoyable. I can't wait to see the rest of them. I'm going to buy the box set
Great Movie -- So-So DVD The Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone movie, called "The Wizard of Oz of Our Time," by the "thumb's up" dudes, is a fantastic movie that stays painfully faithful to the book. The DVD, however, is only slightly rewarding in the Extras department. Disc 1 contains the movie and the trailers (all three), and the source of my *ahem* unpleasant feelings is Disc 2. Catching the Snitch is a maddening thing. You can also learn the philosophies of the four Hogwarts houses, but that's [not the case] if you have the book. "Interviews" is very interesting, and the Deleted Scenes are okay (loved the extra minutes of the Potions class). The DVD-ROM aspect of the thing is less than what I expected, but it's okay. If you were expecting the DVD of the century... just watch the movie. The DVD's okay, but nothing special to me, and not enough to notch a full star off.
Digital Copy is EXPIRED I love this film, but this review is for this item in particular, which I bought mostly for the digital copy. Much to my dismay, in tiny print on the insert inside, it notes that the code is redeemable for a limited time and expired in December 2010. Suck.
i love harry potter, Best movie ever service is kinda bad Sound is not so good The buyer should get more than a 24 hour rental
One of the best! I have this movie on VHS but I have no VCR player. I have been searching for it on DVD for cheap, and finally found it.
harry potter is the best I loved this movie. The second one is a little better though. The dvd says it has extra scenes that i could not find
Harry Potter The first and the best of the Harry Potter series. I wish Chris Columbus would direct all of the Harry Potter movies.
Loved the Book & Love the Movie! My daughter and I are Harry Potter fans and started a tradition that after we read the books, we see the movie together at a theater, and, of course, this is the one that started the tradition. The Sorcerer's Stone is probably my favorite of the Harry Potter series, because it starts us on Harry's journey as he discovers he's a wizard. I've read all the books multiple times, and have watched the first four or five movies on TV multiple times, so decided to add them to my video library. I realized recently that I didn't have this one yet; don't know why, but i'm glad I have it now! It arrived very soon after I ordered it, and is in perfect condition! I've already watched it twice and am sure I'll watch it again. It's great fun to lose myself in Harry's magical world when I feel like I just need to escape from my own reality for a little while!
One of the Greatest Adaptations Ever!!!!! Although one of the greatest movie adaptions ever filmed, this film is a little non-professional. Great visual effects, impressive debut from Radcliffe and intense action scenes complement this film adaptation from one of the most popular book series of all time. Despite all this however, the film also contains an absolutely terrible, worthless, in the gutter performance from Rupert Grint as Ron ( you'd think they'd be a bit more selective with the kids ) and a rather impressive but obnoxious performance from Hermione(Emma Watson). It also seemed that the filmmakers didnt know what to do with the visual effects (flying, wizardry) and were just trying to figure out where all of them went. The most significant factors from this film however are Richard Harris and Maggie Smith, the 2 most charming actors I have ever seen in a childrens flick.
One of the coolest movies ever This movie was one of the coolest movies I have ever seen. I am and always was a big Harry Potter fan, and I have read the books about 3 or 4 times each. So when the movie came to theatres, I was a little nervous of what it would be like. I thought that it would probably [be bad] and I would hate it. But when I finally saw it, I loved it!!!! The only problem was that they cut out the part where Hermione helps Harry solve a problem with bottles (which was supposed to be the last obstacle protecting the Philosopher's Stone). I liked that part. But it was a very good movie overall, and a perfect cast was selected. I especially liked Daniel Radcliffe, because he plays Harry so perfectly and not to mention he's pretty cute. The DVD was fun, except the stupid Second Disc was driving me crazy while I was trying to find the deleted scenes.
Could have been soooo much better, but still decent. Good movie, but will be disappointing for fans of the series. In it's defense: It does try much harder than most book-to-film adaptations to stay true to the book, although it was the little things that annoyed the hell out of me. For instance the major complaint I have is the placement of Harry's scar. In all of the books, the lightning bolt shaped scar is located dead-center on Harry's forehead. For some reason, in the films it will be located off-center. Why? What purpose could there be to stray from this little tiny detail that I am sure all fans of the series would notice? The main reason to watch this film can be summed up in two words: Alan Rickman. This guy kicks...! They couldn't have casted the role of Snape any better. Worth seeing, but be sure to rent before buying as you could be dissapointed.
HP Love the Harry Potter movies. My oldest son watched them and now my younger one is watching and reading the books.
Good movie, decent DVD This is one of the few "childrens" DVD's in my collection. I loved the book and was looking forward to the release of the movie on DVD. The movie faithfully follows the award winning book. The movie looks good with only minor glitches some part of the video. Audiowise it sounded good on my system. The score by John Williams sounds especially good. My one real complaint with this DVD is the special features. I bought this in order to see the deleted scenes. The amount of time I spent trying to access them outweighed the actual running time of the scene. Way too much trouble for nothing groundbreaking. I also would have liked to have a commentary track from the director and maybe some of the stars. Overall this is a good DVD set, but the amount of work to access the special features is very annoying.
Great film!But the book is better. I'm a Harry Potter fan and when i first heard about the film i was so happy that i could finally watch Harry's first year on the big screen.This film stood up to my expectacions. It was great!The actors are talented,the special Fx are amazing and the movie is faithful to the book. What i didn't like and thought that was childish were a few scenes like Neville Longbottom's feather blowing up or when Harry,Hermione and Ron saw Fluffy their scream was synchronized.Also they didn't show the potions part that they had in the book and Harry's fight with Vol(sorry!) You-Know-Who wasn't nearly as scary as in the book.Personally i prefered the book because it had more of the dialogs and jokes going on and you felt the sense of time passing by better than in the movie.Anyway, the film was great but the book is even better.
love all of the HP movies All time favorites. I will watch them over and over when I'm bored to death. I will have all of them before long.
Don't be put off I'm a 30 something fan of Harry Potter, but I conciously decided not to read any books until seeing the movie. Sure, it's not as good, but movies never are. The DVD is very well presented, the tabs that hold the discs in are too stiff for my liking, it's just a matter of time until it breaks. The discs are very well laid out. Disc 1, just the movie, language selections and cast list. Disc 2 is enormous, you can't just browse either, you have to play around, catch the snitch, tap the wall @ Diagon Alley, etc, in order to see more stuff. I would say that this presentation has been designed to enhance the whole experience for the Potter die hard. If you are looking for 'making of featurette's' and director's commentry, wait for the next version of the DVD (not that I know anything, I'm just guessing)
good movie Just introduced this to my 5 year old. Getting him hooked already, planning to read the first book next. So fun.
Great series to follow Great movie for the kids and wife as well! Looks like a great series to follow! Don't really want to count words
Great DVD but hard to see the deleted scenes The deleted scenes DO exsist, on disc two. It is hard to get to them, you have to work your way trough the 'game' of the second disc, starting on Diagon Alley, getting your wizard money at Gringotts and then your wand at ollivanders, then going to the classrooms and starting in Transfigureation, go to the stand with the owls on it. It will take a bit of time to figure it all out but you can finally see the deleted scense, you basically play through the book. I am dissappointed by this, as it took me a long time to figure it out. This doesn't dampen my spirits though, the movie is still `number one, though it cut out some minor thingsfor the sake of time. Overall it's a great buy, if you have kids, if not, still worth it to keep the movie forever, since DVD's, unlike VHS tapes, don't wear out, only break.
Poorly put together DVD Being a big fan of Harry Potter books I really did not enjoy the movie. There were several casting errors (Maggie Smith comes to mind) but the reason for the low review is this.. My 30ish sister rented the DVD to see the extra scenes. After spending an hour an a half trying to figure out where they were on the DVD she asked me to try to figure it out. After I couldn't do it (I'm the technowiz in our house) I went online to discover she had to play the game to view them. Needless to say, after all the packaging and ads screaming "deleted scenes" she was very disappointed. She was too burned out at this point to play the game so we returned it.
Great movie My kids loved it! This got my 10 year old interested in reading. I couldn't ask for anything more than that :)!
Very enjoyable even for .. what is it .. a muggle? OK so what's wrong with watching a fairy tale even though you're well past the age of majority..... nutin .... thats what .. nuttin ... I have to admit that I did expect a good film considering all the hype that I have hear but I was pleasantly surprised with this movie. Number one, the writing was supurb and I can see why the books have a following .... unlike most of the film being presented today the viewer does not know what the end of the movie will be after watching the first five minutes. OK so we know that Harry Potter isn't going to die but then thats about it. The characters are interesting well developed and the special effects are superb if noty outright magical..... Buy this DVD and Im sure you will be showing over and over with friends and family OF ALL AGES ....
Harry Potter I am gathering the entire set of Harry Potter DVD;s because I like them so much, love the imagination and fun.
A first timer at Hogwarts I really enjoyed this movie. My children have watched it about 20 times in the 3 days that we have owned it and I have watched it at least twice. I had never read the Harry Potter series novels and had no idea what to expect from this movie, but I was not disappointed. The movie is fast paced and I found it easy to follow. This movie made me want to purchase the other Harry Potter novels and left me anxiously awaiting a sequel! I did watch the deleted scenes and out takes. I didn't find it hard to get to them, but it was a little time consuming. Overall, I think that this was a very entertaining movie and good family entertainment!
Excellente Edition I ve just all in this edition one of the best!!!! except for the price, its a bit high. But its recommendable
awesome great part of the Harry Potter series and is fun and enjoyable for all ages. Follows the movie very closely.
Harry Potter movie ROCKS!!! The harry potter movie is the best movie I have ever seen I can't wait to see the clip not veiwed before.
This is a great movie. A little bit scary for little kids but a great movie for those who love adventure. The age would be about 8.
Magical First My children and I love all the Harry Potter movies. This is the first magical one and so it is our favorite.
Pottermania I have read all four of the Harry Potter books and I am starting to read them all over again. I loved this movie! It's nice to finally see a movie that is made from a book, that actually sticks to the story line. It brings to life the true imagination of J.K. Rowling. The visual effects are out of this world. This movie is not about witchcraft and ruining children's minds. This movie is about taking viewers of all ages to another place where they can have fun. We all get distracted in the real world and need to escape for something different, which is why we have movies. This creative and imaginative movie isn't just for children either. If you would like to watch an enjoyable movie without the sex, drugs, and a lot of violence for once, watch Harry Potter. You will be amazed.
Loved it... I rented this DVD to take to my 9-year old brother's birthday dinner. I thought the kids would enjoy it. Once it started, the whole family became engrossed. People have said that they were disappointed by the special effects, but you have to think beyond effects and consider the set itself...not to mention the costumes. I think it was all great! We had a lot of fun. You don't have to have read the books to see the movie, but I highly recommend doing so...the books are fabulous. The only thing that disappointed us was the second CD with all of the extras. It took everybody quite a while to figure it all out and we found it to be very anti-climactic. That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. If it was just the movie, I definitely would have given it all 5.
great movie, sound quality not so great movie is 5 stars. but the sound quality of the loud moments like the crashes and explosions is all staticy
Everyone I know who has seen it loves it Chris Columbus did an excellent job putting this book onto the screen. One of my coworkers has 6 copies of this film because she is scared of not having a back up. My teenage sisters (13, 14 and 16) love it along with my 31 year old boyfriend and I (25 years old). The only annoying thing about the dvd is that whenever you want to see the extra scenes you have to go through a whole series of stuff. Very cool the first time but irritating to have to do it everytime. The casting was perfect. The actors really look like the characters from the book. The magic was also very well done and believable. I don't recommend this movie for children too young as my friend's 5 year old daughter was scared (although she loves the movie) other than that this is a must own movie.
Interesting, But Not the Book The movie is a well-done attempt to condense the book into a watchable, visual version. However, much of the magic is convoluted and the many of the characters are made stale and wooden, partly because it is so difficult to condense this huge and irreplaceable book into a movie. One associate of mine described the acting as "psychotic." I give the girl who played Hermione Granger a thumbs-up and if you need to know the story for class, watching the movie is a good way to get it fast. But it won't be nearly as enjoyable as reading the book itself.
Love It, But There Could Be More I'm very happy to have the film in my Harry Potter collection. I love the books almost as much as C.S. Lewis' "Chronicles of Narnia", & the film is very true to the books. I hope this continues as the film series continues. One disapointment is that I wish the deleted scenes had been added INTO the film as a "Director's Cut" instead of just tacked on to the end of the tape, it would have added to it's fidelity to the source material...of course, a Director's Cut will probably come, when Warner Bros need more cash! Also, I wish the VHS would have ALL the deleted scenes, & interviews. DVD isn't an option for everyone, so while those lucky enough get the fun and games, why not give the rest of us all the tape there is?
Greatest movie ever! This movie is by far the best movie ever! I absolutely love it! Since I bought it I've already watched it six times! It might seem crazy but the movie is everything I expected it to be. It's pretty true to the book as well. I can't wait till "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets." The whole cast was great too. Daniel Radcliffe made an amazing Harry Potter and Emma Watson was great as Hermione Granger. But I think that Rupert Grint gave the best performance. For being a newcomer he was great! I think everyone was great though. I would love to know how they made Robbie Coltrane look so big but I guess that is part of the magic behind the movie. I highly recommend buying this movie. Their are only two deleted scenes on the VHS but they are cool.
Trust Me , if you liked the book you will like the movie. Despite the many of you who thought the cast was poorly chosen , I dont ithink it was chosen very well. If you think about it everybody looks just like the charecters from the book. As for the story they did leave out a couple important parts , however the movie would be way to long if it included them all. You would never be able to make a movie like The Goblet of Fire and include all the details without it being several hours longer than a normal movie. As for other reviewes like philip you obviously don't understand that the Harry Potter series goal is not to teach life lessons , but to take you away to a place you wish that you could go to , And it accomplished that! If you liked the books (i loved them!) , than you will love the movie as well.
HP RULES i am a 13year old reviewer i read all the books they are awsome how j.k. rowling came up woth it i have no idea the movie was awsome it stayed true to the book except at the ending this is a must have DVD i am reserving a copy NOW i went to the movie with my family we all loved it the acting is great and then i went to see it a second time it is awsome parents who think this is evil its not it is just fun and kool nothing evil about it : ) hope my review was helpful oh 1 more thing BUY THIS DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best movie of all time. 5 star. Takes me back One of the best movies you will own! Very adventurous and amazing. Glad to pass it down to my children.
GOLDY LOCKS WOULD SAY. "IT'S JUST RIGHT." HIGH MARKS FOR CHRIS COLUMBUS. THE DIRECTOR HAS FINALLY BURIED THE SUCCESS OF HOME ALONE WITH A MUCH BETTER PIECE OF FILMMAKING. I HAVE NOT READ ANY HARRY POTTER BOOKS, BUT I CAN'T IMAGINE THIS MOVIE NOT DOING THE BOOK JUSTICE. I THOUGHT THIS FILM WAS PURE MAGIC THAT ADULTS MIGHT ENJOY EVEN MORE THAN CHILDREN. I MUST SAY AFTER VIEWING THE MOVIE WITH A GROUP OF KIDS AGES RANGING 4-10, THE KIDS HAD MANY QUESTIONS. THE MATERIAL MAY BE A LIL' ABOVE CHILDREN UNDER 13. HOWEVER THAT DOESN'T MEAN THE YOUNGER KIDS DIDN'T LOVE THE MOVIE. ANY DVD COLLECTION WOULD LOOK BARE WITHOUT THIS ONE, SO ADD IT TO YOUR COLLECTION TODAY! I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT HARRY POTTER ADVENTURE.
I enjoyed the special features more Having read all HP books & having watched the film in the theatres, I regret to say that I was sort of disappointed with the film. I agree that with the millions of readers & viewers of the HP series, it would be difficult for the cast/crew to satisfy each & everyone's expectations. So, when I got hold of the DVD, I skipped the film & proceeded to see the speacial features. I would say the idea of coming up with 2 discs, one for the film itself + theatrical/teaser trailers & one specially for its added features is a great marketing concept. Going through the 2nd disc made the film seem more interesting & erased all my qualms --- so I ended up watching the film again --- but only after going through the 2nd disc.
The best movie in the world!!!!!!!!! The Harry Potter movie is the best movie in the world!! Daniel Radcliffe did an excellent job as Harry Potter. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson were wonderful at portraying their characters. Grint and Watson should get the same amount of credit as Daniel Radcliffe. Chris Columbus did a brilliant job directing the film. David Heyman did a spectacular job as the producer. And the rest of the cast did an amazing job playing their characters. The special effects were done wonderfully and were very life-like. The movie is a must own movie. I have never seen any movie like it! The movie stayed true to the book by J. K. Rowling. Only few things were changed and cut out. If you haven't seen the movie yet, I say to go see it. It will be worth it. Trust me!
Not as good as the book, but still a good movie. This is a good movie. It stays pretty clean. And it has some great action. This movie is a must buy.
Ahhh the memories This takes me back. I was so happy to see the HP series come to the big screen. I was not disappointed
I recommend this title I've read all four books of Harry Potter and can't wait for the next. And of course I'd like to see the movie. The movie is excellent, but I feel a little bit frustrated because so many things has been cut out from the original story. The thrill of the books because of the way the writer expressing exaggeratingly on what happen to the character, that's what make it so fun to read. And the character, besides Harry, Hermione and Ron is nice too, especially Fred & George and of course in the other books, Oliver Wood. However, I still like the movie and keep recommending to each of my family member to watch it. Mind you, I'm 31 years old actually, but I like to watch it so that I can share the fun with my kids and nieces and nephews.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I think Harry Potter had lots of action. It had the characters fit the description from the book. The movie was funny and serious. But one thing I think should be changed is when they enter thier dormatries. In the book it had alot of more action. But my favorite thing is when they get past Fluffy (3 headed dog) to get to the chambers. One of my favorite charachters is Ron. He`s really funny!! My favorite scences is when you see Voldemort on the back of Professer Quirell's head. I like the movie because it brought everything to life. Like the castle. It looked so real! So did the troll. One reason I don't think they should have made the movie is because it takes away your imagination. That`s my opion on Harry Potter!
Great !! Finally a movie the whole family can enjoy, If you liked Willow? Then you will like Harry Potter
Very Well Done Film I did like it. "A viewer", I know you are entitled to your opinion. But so is everyone else. While you thought it was "horrendus", other people thought it was "marvelous". I personally hated The Lord of the Rings. I just didn't like it. Too violent and the acting wasn't very good. But that's just my opinion. But Harry Potter DOES have the essence of Harry Potter, you are wrong. And I AM NOT SAYING THIS BECAUSE I LIKED THE BOOKS. As a matter of fact, I didn't like the books all that much. But I personally thought the movies' special effects and acting were incredible. So, everyone, don't judge it completely on one person's review: everyone's opinion is different. You might love this film. Who knows until you see it?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Hello, I am 12 years old and a big fan of the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling. This film adaptation of the first installment of the Harry Potter series is an instant classic. The movie stays 100% true to the book. I applaud Chris Columbus for his wonderful cinematography in this movie. The only problem with Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is that the actors fall short of my expectations and take away from the magical characters of the story. While Daniel Radcliffe and Rupird Grint are terrible actors, Emma Watson is stunning in this film. I reccommend this movie to everyone. I hope you enjoy it! Don't take my opinion for it though. Buy the movie and see it for yourself. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone!
Good movie all around! I bought this for myself a short time ago and I love it. An excellent piece for my movie collection.
Harry Potter Rules! Who doesn't love Harry Potter? I've been a fan since the beginning and I'll be a fan until the end.
harry is the man ...complain about the cutting up of the book and definately the first time i saw it (opening night, hell yeah!) it was like woah wait where are they but the second time it made more sense and when the dvd comes out i expect it to make more and more sense with every viewing. Emma Watson definately was the best actor in the whole group, she was mad good. Harry was alright too but Ron well he's Ron i guess i shouldn't have expected much. But the storyline makes up for any flaws any actor would have. They could have cast Tom Cruise as Harry and the story would have still worked alright. This is a great movie and with the promise of more storyline with deleted scenes it should be pretty insane. Check this movie out now.
As a kids movie, I'll give it 5 stars Very original but I thought it lacked a little in plot and it is a little slow in parts. It is a lenghty movie, at least it seemed like it to me. Nevertheless, I did enjoy it and would watch it again. It is the story of a boy who finds out he is a wizard and gets to attend a special school to hone his skills. He and his friends at school get into an adventure. It is super entertainment for pre-teens and young teens. The effects are good, casting is awesome. I think the creators should be proud. We need more safe quality entertainment available for kids. I do look forwards to more Harry movies. Worth seeing for sure. If you keep in mind that it is geared more for a younger audience, you will not be dissapointed.
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
Not just for kids anymore Ok I admit it I have read the books and I eagerly awaited the movie. I am almost as big of a Harry Potter fan as some of those kids. I have found myself not so patiently waiting for the next book and the next movie to come out. This movie has stunning visual effects, you almost feel Fluffy slobbering on you. During the Quidditch matches you want to reach out and take a hold of Harry's Nimbus 2000 and feel like you are flying with them. This movie has come along at a time when parents need to escape into to the magic world even more than the kids. The director went to great pains to stay as close to the story as possible and has done a great job. In fact, this movie made me re-read the books.
wonderful family film This is one of the greatest series of films that has ever come out. We have watched these in our house many many times, and this, the first, is still my favorite. We never tire of them and are watching the whole series The kids in this are so small, now younger than our youngest. They are realistic kids, truly fine actors, who make you believe not just in the magic, but also their development as individuals. Harry, with his search for family, love, and a way ahead in his life, is particularly vital. IT is a world so complete that it is no wonder they are among the first books my kids read. And it is very cool, in just the way kids appreciate. REcommended with enthusiasm.
Movies from Books I usually dislike a movie that is from a book because it is usually missing a lot of important details that the book has which I know cannot be helped. Sometimes things are changed which is a big no no! But picking out key elements is a must have if you are going to be successful with the movie, fans, and readers. I thought the movie did well with following the plot of the book, key elements were targeted and things that were left out weren't really needed. The characters were very convincing and were just as I had imagined them from the book. Other movies from books could take a few notes from this one. I just hope they are just as successful with the next Harry Potter movie.
Phenomenal - by Jacob (aged almost 8) I loved it! I read the book first and loved the book as well. I liked every single bit in the movie. It's good because it was exciting, interesting. I like the characters, especially Harry Potter. The acting is great. I almost never watch movies more than once but this one I want to watch again as soon as it is finished. If my parents didn't control my tv/computer time to a half an hour a day on weekdays and an hour on weekends, I would be watching it all the time if I wasn't playing hockey. My parents just got it for an early birthday present because I had to return the library copy. Read the book first and if you like it, definitely watch the movie. You won't be disappointed!
One of the best movies I have ever seen!! This movie was great!! Okay, I admit that to me it was a bit boring because I have read the books and I already knew what was gonna happen. This movie shoud be seen by people who haven't read the books, because you'll enjoy it much more and it'll be more exiting. But I bought the DVD and I loved it! It took me a while to find the deleted scenes and I think that they woud have looked very good in the movie, but then again, it woud have been WAY too long. Anyway, I loved the movie and to those people who think this movie is not for kids, it is. I think that you need to imaginate and this movie makes you imaginate. And besides, in case you haven't noticed, the rating's PG, not R!!!
One of 2001's Best movies. Very faithful to the book and simply an Amazing movie. It's based on J.K. Rowling's Popular books, it's about a Orphaned Boy who is actully a Wizard and is sent to a special School where he gets training for a year to become a full fledge Wizard. It's such a brilliant and visual triumph which will be a classic in the Fantasy hall of fame with: " The Dark Crystal", " The Wizard of Oz", " Labyrinth", " The Princess Bride", " Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Rings", " The Neverending Story", " Conan The Barbarian" and " The Last Unicorn." A must see! but it may scare children under 7.
Five Stars My 9 year old and 7 year old loved reading this book!! Great mixture of adventure and magic!
Classic! This movie is a classic! I ADORE this movie and am so glad I got it to add to my collection!
Extended Harry Potter AWESOME! The film that started it all. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the movie that got me hooked on the Harry Potter franchise and I'm so glad I caught it on HBO when I was younger. Now I get to experience the magic in great Blu-ray quality! The extended editions are fantastic! They add more story to the films that I could never get tired of watching and while the special features are alright the brilliance lies in the extended version. Christopher Columbus was brilliant with the films and it's a shame the later directors didn't come back to take time to create extended editions of all the remaining films as well. It's what almost every Harry Potter fan wants!
New or old? Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone: An amazing book! Most of the country, and a large percent of the world has read it. Perhaps thats what took away from the movie, that I knew what was around every corner. Oh, its not that the actual movie is bad, its just that so many people are familiar with the story already that it doesn't really have the same affect as if you had never heard the plot before. Using actual places, and incredible graphics to illistrate the story in a realistic way doesn't even begin to compare to our imagination. If you haven't already seen it i suggest that you rent it first, because by the second time you see it there is no surprise.
Harry Potter is greatness. I don't know what the other fellow is on about but there is nothing wrong with a special edition of Harry Potter, especially if you don't already have a copy of the Sorcerer's Stone. There's not really much that the studio can do to this movie to change it one way or another. If it is a two-sided single disc, so what? I have other movies on a two-sided disc and I find it to be very convenient. If you don't already own this movie then I suggest you buy it. Unless you desire heavy themes and truly terrible scenes then perhaps Harry Potter is for you. Most kids will love the show.
Excellent I found the movie adaptation of Harry Potter excellent and the special features excellent. The best thing I loved from this DVD was the way that you can explore some areas of Hogwarts in real life with a rotating camera and not only that, the storyboards they made for most of the sets like the Quidditch game. The only minor problem with this Dvd is that to find the deleted scenes when you don't know how can be quite difficult. The only thing I can tell is thaht the place where you have to go to find them after getting your wand is to go in the classrooms area and touch the owl statue on the screen and then on the H on the pillar. Good luck
I Can Stand To Watch It A Few Times. This is a miracle. I can watch a movie four times without getting bored. The book to script conversion is masterfully done, with the right changes needed. The special features don't go overboard, either, but they have enough to fulfill Potter's legions of fans. Is there a downside? Maybe the movie drags on at times and seems a little outside of even magical reality, but Rowling can push the envelope and still pull it off. The acting is decent enough, the effects are well done, the plot is incredible, and the entire thing is well carried out. "We expect great things from you, Harry Potter". Don't blow it come Chamber of Secrets. B+
This Movie was OKAY This movie I liked a lot. I have to say the book is a lot better. This movie seems to have been a bit boring at times and not always following the book. Although, I do think this movie had some excellent graphics. Fluffy was amazing, the graphics I mean. The casting, I think, was perfect. They chose the best people they could find. I also think they look extroardinarily like I pictured them in the book. I do still think that this movie could've been better directed. The movie practically had them walking around half of the time to a class or other. This is what I had to say on this movie. I still think, though, the books were a lot better.
Great Movie w/ Lots of DVD Extras This first Harry Potter film is among one of my favorites and the DVD itself is superb. Any blockbuster movie in a widescreen DVD format along with lots of extras is perfect, trust me! There's not much sense in me to review the movie, since you've all gotten enough of that. What can I add? Well, it's just that I am VERY happy this DVD purchase and I have not regret one bit. It's one of those favorites that will remain in my collection for a long time. Oh yes, there's is just one little complaint. I was disappointed that the DVDs came in a box package. I wish it came in a sturdier, plastic case, like the LOTR one. Hehe :)
Good DVD, but where is the HP 2 trailer??? This is a review of the DVD, not really of the movie. I thought the DVD had a lot of great extras, although it would have been nice if the deleted scenes could have been watched within the movie, sort of like a special edition. The biggest flaw with the DVD, in my opinion, is that there was not footage of the upcoming Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets!!! I really think WB really messed up here. Why not give us a glimpse of the next installment? The movie has to be in at least post-production by now. I was a little disappointed. Other than that, great DVD, if you liked the movie, you will like the DVD.
Good Movie, but don't deny yourself the book! The movie of the first Harry Potter book is worthy of the time and money to watch it, but it lacks in one essential element; the characters don't seem to believe in the reality of their world as much as I. Hermione never looks around the Great Hall when she first walks in; when he comes to pick him up from the island, Haggrid acts like it has been a few days since he last saw Harry, not many years. There are many such examples. I am glad for any and all attention the movies generates for the books, however. Ms. Rowling works deserve all the attention they get. Seek them. THERE lies a real adventure in reading.
Meh There are a couple scenes that make a little more sense, but there are some that just don't fit into the story line, and overall they do not flow with the story, it is obvious why they were cut. Not worth it if you own the original.
Great Movie but an average DVD! This movie is a great movie. Realeased the 16th November 2001, it was at the top of the box office for three weeks. This movie had a great soundtrack that should have won an oscar. The kids in the movie were great actors and the imagery in the movie was the most beautiful. The DVD was OK but the special features could have been much more and for a movie that grossed 317 million dollars US and is the number 2 movie in the world grossing 965 million dollars, you would think they would have more special features. For the Harry Potter fan this a must but for the average person you may find this disappointing.
Potter Rules I am a huge fan of everything Potter and very much enjoyed the film. I was thrilled that as it was a British book, set in britain and written by a Brit, that it was kept this way through out. Not that im slating other countries and their films, it was just so refreshing that it was all kept as it should and was in the book. I cant wait for the next book and for chamber to be released on film. Naturally there were many scenes left out and a few things changed for the film, but if they had put everything in the film, it would have had to be at least 4 hours long. Bravo Harry, cant wait to see you again!!
Simplified edition of a great movie I love this movie, and so happy for this product! When HP and the SS first came out on DVD, I spent way too much money on the cardboard, fold-out case with bonus discs and plastic inserts that came unglued and made the discs pop out. When my children finally, definitively destroyed both the case and the disc, it was time for a replacement. How happy it made me to find this very inexpensive, simplified presentation of this movie. It's a plastic case, when you open it, there is one simple disc that contains the movie. That's it! That's all I need! I may have to replace my Chamber of Secrets DVD as well.
a grrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat movie This is one of the best and well thought up movies ever made. Daniel Radcliffe was terrific. The movie is about a boy who finds out he has magical powerers and gets sent to a school called hogwarts. He also finds out he famous for surviving Avada Kendavra (Killing Curse) fron Voldemort (he-who-must-not-be-named). He meets Hermione and Ron. They then have many adventures together like an encounter with the three-headed dog fluffy. the only glitch in this movie was where was the dueling club? I an looking forward to harry potter 2 coming out November 15! 2002 (one day before #1
Excellent, A sure classic. This movie was entertaining, exciting, and just plain wonderful. Of special note; my grandson, who is a Harry Potter expert, could only find two or three deviations from the book. We went to the film as a family, Granddad, Grandmother, Dad, Mom, Son, Daughter, and Aunt. All 7 of us were delighted. It rate at the top, along with classics such as Wizard of OZ, Tales of Narnia, and Lord of the Rings. Hooray for such a delightful family film.
Okay I never read the book but as a movie there are promblems with its translation to screen. While the story is basically good the exposition takes a really long time. By the time you get to the main conflict it feels somewhat thrown in and resolved quickly. Unfortunately the movie was marketed to fans of the book who are mostly too young to sit through a movie longer than 2 hours. Harry Potter probably needed about 3 hours or a more efficiant filmaker. It seems like they wanted to include everything from the books opening but ran out of alotted time or money when the conflict arose.
Coooooooooooool Movie this movie is great for everyone all over the world!this movie is especially great for BIG harry potter fans like me! this movie is the first out of 7 movies. the movie is so much alike the book. it's the beginning of harry's wizard training. the actors are great! very much alike the characters of the book. the movie starts with the beating of lord voldemort. he the lives with his aunt and uncle. then he finds out he's a wizard from Hagrid. he then begins his training sorted into gryfindor. he then finds himself face-to-face to lord voldemort is a great movie and we should all see it
What's up with the whining adult reviews. Appearently too many adults that reviewed the movie failed to remember that this is an adaptation of a childerns book, for those childern. Trying to compare this movie to "The Lord of The Rings", a movie made for adults from a book written for adults is childish and makes the reviewer peavish at best. Instead of complaining about the adaptation, be thankful the director made the movie for the childern who loved the book and did not attempt to convert it to something for adults which probly would end up not pleasing either the adults or the childern for whom it was written.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I have read all the books and then on opening night I saw the movie. A lot of the story was breezed through missing 2/3's of signifigance. For instance the loathing of the Dursley's that Harry feels, why the Dursley's hate magical people so much, how extensive Harrys fame is in the magical world. But the thing that great fantasy movies have which this film lacks is a narative at the begining. like the scrolling script at the start of Star Wars, or the spoken narative at the start of the Highlander. That's why I can't wait to get the DVD, so I can see all the cool extra stuff.
It is worth the money to buy it on DVD I loved the film. It was what I thought the world of harry Potter was going to be like. The film and the book though are different in some ways but for the most part the film was true to the book. Seeing Qudditch being played was breath taking. It was wonderful watching and knowing what wonderful work they did in that seen. The casting was just right. I thought that they picked the right person to play Snape the potions teacher. I loved the way they did Volodmort on the back of qurrel's head. This is the best movie of the year i cannot bleave that it did not win best film
A must see! It's Harry Potter. Enough said! 5/5 stars and recommended to ALL movie lovers!
Great movie. I am a fan of the books and enjoyed this movie a lot. Few things were left out of the book and I thought the casting was all dead on. The movie part of the DVD is spectacular. Great crisp video and audio. The only complaint I have is that the special features on the DVD are for kids only. I didn't get any real enjoyment out of them, but I guess being 26 years old I wasn't the target audience and it's only a minor inconvience. Would have absolutely loved a commentary with the actors that played Harry, Ron and Hemione but still the DVD was a great value.
Worth waiting 4 hours in line!!! This movie was excellent, that's all you can say really. I liked it so much that I saw it 8 times in the theater! ... I don't think they could have picked better actors and actresses to portray the characters Everything from that to the scenery was wonderful. The Quidditch scene is amazing because it is exactly what I had envisoned when reading the book. A must see and a must buy movie. I rate it 10 stars...even though you can't. I have already pre-ordered my copy, how about you??
I have seen the DVD, and it is amazing! My video store got an advance copy of Harry Potter on DVD and the quality is superb! Plus, I love watching movies in the Widescreen format, but this movie looks great in Full Screen. There were no features on the disc, except a teaser and a theatrical trailer. But I will definitely buy the 2-disc edition on DVD, when it is officially released. The quality is sharp, the sound is terrific. The colors are vibrant, you can see every little detail. Ron's hair looks very bright on this DVD, I think Warner over did it with that. But no complaints here. Great looking DVD!
Great Movie. This is a very great film w/ many actors that fit the characters perfectly. The DVD features are fairly well done, but can get tedious when trying to access some of the extras. One of them is the deleted scenes. You have to basically do many different task to access this feature. Sure it's great if your doing it for the first time, but after that it gets pretty annoying. On a positive side, this DVD has probably one of the best sounds around (That's if you've the right equipment). Overall it's a very good DVD that's not to be missed by any Harry Potter Fan.
Classic for a new generation My 11-year old daughter and I both have been reading the series of Harry Potter books. We saw this movie in the theaters and we both loved it. It was one of those movies that we just had to keep talking about long after it was over. Of course, as soon as the DVD came out, we had to have it! It is, in my opinion, one of the very few movies that actually holds true to the book. The cast and movie direction - it's look and feel - are right on! Everything in the movie is how we imagined it while reading the book. An excellent movie for kids and adults alike.
A Timeless Treasure When I first saw this movie with my mom, I fell in love with it instantly. I have already read the books and the movie followed the book exactly. All the effects, scenary, and characters came together to make this Harry Potter collage [or movie, so to speak]. The bottom line is....this movie is one of the most spectacular movies of all time! I highly recommend that you should buy this movie. All I have to say is that this movie is timeless! BUY IT! IT'S WORTH IT THE MONEY!!!
Five Stars I love these movies and having the little extra that came in this was great.
Cool-umbus did a good job with what he had... Yes! This is a great movie. I have been a big fan of Harry Potter for three years now, and I must say that the books are wonderful. The movie... The movie is good. Christopher Columbus is awesome, because he turned the book into almost exactly what I had imagined it would be. And he most definitely has good taste in actors. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson did commendable jobs, but by far the one who stole the show was Rupert Grint, the red-headed kid who does an excellent job portraying Ron Weasley. He's definitely the primo kid. Hasta la vista!
Good First Entry of This Legendary series I am one that has never read the Harry Potter books, but really did enjoy this movie. I wouldn't say that it is amazing, but it does appeal to all ages. The story is really good, but the CGI used in the movie is a little dated. There are scenes when you can tell that it is computer animated because the characters look like something from a video game. Not really used to seeing a movie when they use CG for the actors and it is slowed down enough where you get a good look and are able to tell the actor fake. It just takes away from the movie a little.
Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone - DVD Wow! What a magical ride. We have watched this DVD repeatedly and each time, I not only enjoy the cinematography, music, and creativeness involved, but I see something that I didn't before. Some little detail that enhances the overall experiance. Can't wait for the next one. Recommended for Adults and Children! How great is it that there is a movie that speaks to both groups. The family can sit down together again, pass the popcorn, and bond!! -Beth W.
Easter Eggs?? Not having read the book, i really enjoyed this flick and if fact was surprised at how much i liked it. I can totally understand why the books appeal to old and young kids. I wondered if buying the Widescreen Edition and viewing it on a small tv (less than 20 in) would take away from the viewing experience, I am happy to say it did not. The DVD itself has some kinda cool sections for kids to check out and interact with. Unlike some other dvds, you actually have to hunt for the deleted scenes or at the very least pay attention to menus.
Don't compare this to the book. Although they crammed a lot of details into the movie, the book is the book, and nothing can surpass the brilliant writing. As movies go, this one is very entertaining and wonferfully safe for children. Casting is brilliant, and the pace of the movie is just right. No luls, some nice suprises, etc. My only complaint is with the special features the DVD boasts. Many were on the website previous to the movie, and the die hard fans wanted something fresh and exciting to see. Where are the behind the scenes looks, and character profiles? Not on here!
Faithful to the Book For Both Good and Ill The film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful and faithful to the book as well as to it's main audience of young readers. Director/Producer Chris Columbus worked deftly with his young stars and acting veterans to bring J.K. Rowlings' Hogwarts to life as young Harry Potter discovers his place in the wizarding world. While the film is faithful to the book, this a determent as well. The attempt to replicate as much as possible the well loved book to cater to the film's young audience, drags down the overall product as many favorite scenes that could have been skipped or shortened were in the film whole. The decision to cater to the millions of young readers is understandable, however it created several instances of plot dragging which is very noticeable on film than on a page. The acting is very good and natural for main of the young actors, many of whom were doing their first acting jobs in this film. The veteran actors on the cast did a superb job in their characters--whether teachers, relatives, or other adults--which provided the world Rowlings created with an air of realism and not the sense that they were doing the film for a paycheck. Overall, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful film that this faithful to the book for both good and ill. It is a fantastic first installment of the Potter film franchise that any new young reader of the Potter books would greatly enjoy.
Amazing Harry! There are WAY too many special features to list here, but trust me folks... anyone who wants a ton of features on the making of a movie you love... this edition has it! The audio and video are superb, especially on blu-ray, and the fact that there are scenes integrated back into the movie that weren't IN the theatrical version is one of the things that's making me jump for joy. If you are a fan of these movies as I am... RUN, don't walk, and get these editions! (knocking on wood) Hoping the other films will get the same treatment.
"Followed the book exactly!" I've only seen the theatrical release of this movie, but it was the bomb! My favorite scene was when Hermione, Harry, and Ron battle the Mountain Troll. The most action-packed scene was the Quidditch game, at which ended with Harry spitting out the Golden Snitch, therefore winning the game over to Gryffindor (I don't know if that's how you spell it or not). It was funny when Harry talked to the boa constrictor, it scared Dudley. Anyway, this was a really cool movie, and was suspenseful at times. I definately recommend this!
A really good buy! The video store that I reserved Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone at must have made a mistake because they released it on May 23. I was lucky enough to get a copy of the DVD version and it is spectacular! There are two CD's, the first one is the actual Harry Potter movie, and the second has extras such as interviews with the producers and a tour of Hogwarts and so on. You can go to Diagon Alley and buy a wand, and then attend classes. The transition from movie screen to tv is great! This is one movie you should not miss!
Enjoyable translation of J.K. Rowling's book An enjoyable cinematic translation of J.K. Rowling's first Harry Potter book, with bright colorful imagery, good acting and an incredible John Williams soundtrack. Other than a couple spooky scenes this was a decent family picture with many enjoyable characters, particularly Alan Rickman's portrayal of Prof. Snape, which in many ways steals the film as far as I'm concerned. While the tone of the later films seems to take a colder, darker spin, this one is probably the lightest of the series and introduces the series very well.
Too Long! I really did not like the book. I did, however, enjoy the film. There is something to be said for a film that stays true to the material on which it is based, and this film is very faithful to the book. There is also something to be said for a film that manages to be as good or better than the material on which it is based. So why only 4 stars out of 5? The film is simply too long ... it could have been cut by 15-30min. Other than that, no complaints whatsoever, and that is coming from someone who did not like the book.
Great imagery and story excitement I thoroughly enjoyed the book and now the movie. The movie adheres to the book faithfully, and the characters are perfectly cast. The scenes, costumes, and adventure all add up to great entertainment. Every scene has so much detail and the director has wonderfully created the fantasy elements. This is a great family film with good character role models. Even though the story is about wizards and witches, it definitely does not enter into the demonic or satanistic realm but rather pure fantasy, like the Wizard of Oz.
I really liked this movie! But, of course, not nearly as much as I love all of the books! I was a little surprised by the "special feature" disc. Actually, I was a bit frustrated. The explore-and-discover format was an interesting concept, and a semi-enjoyable experience, but I'm afraid it may just annoy people who aren't Harry Potter fanatics. Those who just want to see the deleted scenes and be done with it. The deleted scenes were good, though. I would love to eventually see a version of the movie with them integrated back in.
Harry Potter...the Snow White for Boys! From the beginning Harry Potter takes you to a different world. The world of a great imagination where anything can happen and does. It takes you through a full range of emotions...happiness and sadness and everything else inbetween. What can I say! I probably loved it more than my children. I've watched over 10 times and I still get over the greatest mystery at the end of the story. I am also a mystery fan and I was totally fooled to the very end of the movie. It's a treasure. If you haven't seen it you should.
Good Move - Okay DVD The movie is not nearly as good as the book. What else is new. I just don't understand how they could do the movie without Peeves. That really is too much. Aside from the terrible CGI I really enjoyed the Movie. The DVD is another matter. It is only worth it if you get the Widescreen version. Other that the deleted scenes with are very hard to find, there is little else to enjoy more that one time. I am ready for the new book, but it doesn't appear that we will get that anytime soon. So enjoy the Movie.
Worse than I remembered. The acting is terrible. Rupert Grint and Alan Rickman are the only ones who actually act in this film. They cut out so much of the book. Rowling needs to choose new actors and re-do the entire series, with Harry ending up with Hermione as intended.
Just as great as the books! I am a major fan of the J.K. Rowling books of Harry Potter. I was costantly on the edge of my seat to read more and more of Harry Potter with all the time I could. After I have finished the four books, I bought and saw the movie. This movie made me love Harry Potter even more. Daniel Radcliffe has done great in this movie, so has Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson. This movie is exactly like this book and the whole cast is exactly like the characters in this book. This film is definetley a success!!!
Harry Potter...the Snow White for Boys! From the beginning Harry Potter takes you to a different world. The world of a great imagination where anything can happen and does. It takes you through a full range of emotions...happiness and sadness and everything else inbetween. What can I say! I loved it! I've watched it over 10 times and I still can't get over the greatest mystery at the end of the story. I am also a mystery fan and I was totally fooled to the very end of the movie. It's a treasure. If you haven't seen it you should.
62 years after the wizard of Oz! Harry Potter `s Op 1 is a delightful and funny movie that shows us the rites of initiation of an elite of children predestined to learn the basic tools, rituals and practices of the magician's. They will be sent to a consecrated institution where you will be transported to a surprising universe of funny games and mystery around. Funny entertainment and ebullient imagination all the way through.Maggie Smith(one of my most beloved British actress ever) is overwhelming in her role.
It's missing some thing Harry Potter was a good movie and has agreat DVD. I have all the books and i love them all, but the movie is missing some parts thats in the book. In the book Harry has todrink a potion to get through the fire and when Professor Qurriel tried to kill Harry at the Quidditch match Snape got in the the way of him when actually in the book Hermione knocked him into the row in front him. Even if they added all the cool features, the movie would have been better if they cagend them a little bit.
The movie is ok I think it does a very good job of retelling the books I mean they practically take the chapters word for word. Harry Potter also provides some wonderful cameo roles for 2 very fine english actors namly Allien Rickmen and John C(from Monty Python). It suffers from from only one thing the kids sound like they are reading from the script of a middle school play. It is not really an issue for your kids, and you will probably be too busy paying attention to the special effects to notice.
The World of Harry Potter is Brought to Life WONDERFULLY! I had mixed feelings about Harry Potter coming to the big screen, but then I saw the movie. Wow. Chris Columbus has done an excelent job of bring Harry's world to life. Everything is just how I imagined it, right down to the last hallway and giant christmas tree. Hogwarts is amazing, and the quidditch game is awesome. While some of the special effects could use some work, overall they were all right. This movie is an instant classic for kids and adults. HP fans will be spellbound!
Great movie fun; why so hard to access specials? I'm not a Harry Potter reader, but I still love the movie. The DVD edition has terrific anamorphic video and great sound. Even the darkest scenes show plenty of detail on a capable home theater. Why are the special features, especially the deleted scenes and interviews buried in kids games? I'd just like to see them without wading through silly games and "tours." Come on, DVD authors, we are not all 11 year old wizards. We muggles just want to view the features.
Never knew about this one! I have been a huge Harry Potter fan since 2004. While deployed to Afghanistan I watched the first three movies and read the first four books. My collection now includes all eight movies on both DVD and Bluray, the American version books and the British version of the books. Once I heard that their was the British version with the title Philosopher's Stone it became a must buy. I believe that anyone who has a love for the series should consider adding this to their collection.
One of my fave's. For start, the movie is really great, is not for just kids as many people say, i'm 15 and i like it, the special effects are good, when you start to see it, the movie introduce you in a world of magic, i can't wait to see the new one (the chamber of secrets), if you don't wanna buy it, go and rent it, in other hand i'm a little disappointed of the DVD, yes i admit, it has a lot of stuff, but i think that is not that great as all the people tought, anyway..., just check it.
The best director of the series My favorite HP movies are the first two that Chris Columbus directed. I love the whole series of books and movies, but I feel that the imagery produced by Columbus gives that added element of reality and growth of characters. Anyone that has not seen the film yet should definitly get this as soon as they can. A family film that runs over 2 hours you can be assured wil get most of the book details into it and acurate. This is no exception. I love this movie and so will you.
Not Too Shabby...but As a prof. of mine says, "you can always tell what's good about somehting so there's no need to discuss that" so I'll just address the parts that were a bit of a disappointment. I first picked up a Harry Potter book for a course I was taking on the role of the adolescent in literature, in which I was supposed to do an annotated bib of modern YA novels. I begrudged Harry all the hype surrounding him, assuming that I would never fall for somehting so publicized. I was wrong. I read all four books back to back in two monthes and this was with a 15 credit course load at the same time, so enough said. So in terms of the film, you can only imagind my excitement over its release on video (I'd been interested in it in the theaters just based on the adverts but couldn't get anyone too see it with me, at the time). I preordered the DVD from Amazon.co.uk and when it arrived my family insisted on my waiting for them to watch it, since my interest in the books had spread to them like wildfire by then (My fifty-one year old dad is just about to finish his turn through them all). The movie was so much like the book with the exception of the end that it left little for me to see new - that is I had already watched it as such in my mind and so if felt like nothing I was seeing was anything different. I enjoyed being introduced to the characters for the first time, but I was surprised to find Harry the tallest of the group, when in the books Ron calls him a midget. Also, I personally thought Herminoe was almost too cute, since I always pictured her as being a bit homely - although my dad had a fit over how well she was cast, so I suppose good protrayal is a bit subjective. That aside, I liked the characters. I didn't even mind Daniel Radcliffe being the tallest eleven-year-old I've seen to date, he did such a nice job - exactly as I pictured Harry, aside from the height. While a lot of reviews criticized Rupert Grint for not being sarcastic enough in his role as Ron, I was pleasantly surprised after reading them, to find that I enjoyed him. I think there were essentially three drawbacks to the movie that promtped me to give it four stars instead of five: The movie, prbably due to time constraints, had almost none of the satire that I loved so much in the book - it was like all the Harry Potter story with very little of the heart. I think this was not so much a fault of the actors, but that they just tried to fit too much else in. I would have preferred more good dialogue, even if it meant lengthening it or cutting out something. It was just lacking in this dept, which kept me from being completely "into" it so I felt very little empathy with the movie, unlike the book. The one exception was in the "Mirror or Erised" scene, which I thought was touching. The other thing that I thought caused the movie to suffer was that they had Harry being much sharper and more sure of himself than in the books. Hermione was really the one who solved most of the mystery and the way they discovered Flamel on screen threw me a bit. Also, the entire encounter with Voldemort was changed. That bit felt more like "Harry Potter meets the Mummy," which was a letdown. I thought it odd that they would be so careful about detail and yet alter the most important scene so dramatically. Lastly, although I enjoyed the Quidditch scene, it too fast moving and at times, hard to follw, and looked a bit fake, especially when people got knocked askew on their broomsticks - more like puppets than people, really. Although I outlined primarily what I considered to be flaws, I did enjoy the movie as a whole and am looking forward to the sequal. I was not thrilled with it, but pleasantly surprised, especially with the performances of the children, since child actors usually have a tendency to act too young or old instead of their supposed age level. I would recommend this movie to anyone, whether they read the books or not, but would say to read them first, anyway. I think it was better for me that I did. I'll probably end up buying the American version as well, and go to the Borders midnight Harry Potter party to do it, too. I am a loyal fan, so although I'm a little bit let down, I have faith in the future releases, and will be fairly content, as long as they're as good as the first.
Harry Potter Rocks I loved the movie in theaters and I ordered it. The special effects are amazing and the movie passes so quickly. I never wanted it to end. Although many cool parts of the book are left out in the movie, it was still great.If the whole book was made into the movie and nothing was left out, it would be about 5 hours long. I think that the length was good and I absolutely loved seeing the book come to life. I could watch it over and over and over again and never get bored.
Great Movie I love the Harry Potter series but have been extremely frustrated with trying to purchase the complete movies, not the ones with the deleted scenes. I thought this one had the deleted scenes included in the movie but it is on the second dvd and you have to go through all kinds of steps to get to them. Kids may like that but as an adult, I'd rather have them included in the movie. Other than that, I have enjoyed all the Harry Potter movies and watch them frequently.
It's "Harry" To the ALL-CAPS REVIEWER KID (HAROLD POTTER MOVIES ARE THE WORST EVER), I would like to point out, as a matter of interest, that insulting our intelligence is not the greatest way to make us realize, YES, you're right, these movies are AWFUL! (They aren't). And, for future reference, his name is Harry. Not Harold.
HARRY POTTER RULES I LOVED THE MOVIE ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BOOKS. AS SOON AS IT WAS FOR SALE I BOUGHT THE DVD FOR MY OWN COLLECTION, IT IS A KEEPER. A CORNER OF MY LIVING ROOM IS DEVOTED TO HARRY. I CAN HARDLY WAIT UNTIL THE NEXT MOVIE IS OUT. MY BIRTHDAY IS NOV 11TH SO WHEN THE NEXT MOVIE IS OUT ON THE 15TH, IT WILL BE LIKE A BELATED BIRTHDAY PRESENT. I HAVE SEEN A PREVIEW OF IT AND IT LOOKS AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ONE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, PRODUCERS, DIRECTORS AND STARS.
Absolutely Fabulous!! In my opinion, this is one of the best movies I have ever seen! I bought the 2-disc DVD set and have watched it 4 times already! I haven't read the books yet and am a little unsure as to whether or not I am going to read them before or after I see the next movies. I think that I will probably break down and read them. The scenery in this movie is absolutly amazing! And the kids that they chose did a very good job. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
Both Discs offer good quality and fun! Disc1= This is the main movie. It's about a boy who finds out he is a wizard, and is very popular from escaping the evil wizard Voldemort. He goes to Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardy to learn to become a wizard. Good quality, great acting, but not as close to the book as we would have hoped. Disc2 Packed with fun stuff! Get your own wand, Explore Hogwarts, and more! This Movie is a good family film, but may be scary to young children.
A Great Movie, and a DVD to match its standards! This movie was great, and followed the book very well. The only thing I have to say about it is that it was a little long, but other than that, it was absolutely perfect! The activities on the DVD are extremely fun. You can "explore" Hogwarts in the second CD! Being an very big Harry Potter fan, this was definetly a plus. The DVD of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is terrific. I strongly recommend it to anyone who liked the movie.
Endless drinking at the fountain This movie will never let go of you. You'll wait for the movie to keep going when the credits roll. Columbus immerses you in a completely believable set of circumstances. Watson, Radcliffe and Grint are the hyperdynamic cast! Something like a Vitamin C capsule mixed with calcium saccharin: makes you wonder just what it is they're headed for. Can't wait for a director's cut!
The Best Move Ever!!!!! Everybody should see this move!!! I absolutly loved it !!!!!! I know now this is the best move ever! I am getting it as soon as it comes out! I am always reading the Harry Potter books. When I saw the adventures of Harry Potter come to life It blew me away! I waited for it to come out on theatures and it seemed for a very, very, very long time. It felt like I was a person in in Harry Potter's adventure! It was terrific! Daniel is a good actor!!!!
Fun Movie for Harry Potter Fans You must read the book before reading this movie especially with school-age children. There are very scary parts but if you read the book first you should be fine. We read all 4 books with our 8 yr daughters before seeing this movie. They were fine because they knew what was going to happen next. The best parts are the Quidditch matches. They were nothing like we had imagined it. They were great fun. We all enjoyed watching this movie.
Let me put it this way When I walked into the theatre I expected to see anthor boring poitntless sci-fi or fantasy shows that they would over rate and hold conventions for. But I was dearly wrong. The only thing I didn't like about it is that people just sick up for daneil radcliffe because he plays harry potter. he cant act. other than that it was great. Good for: boring nights
This is a great movie that will be loved for years and years This movie is simply amazing! Watching it brings me so much joy because i know all the hard work and the effort they put in thi movie payed off they got so much money! The #1 movie of 2001! And probably going to be The #1 selling DVD/VIDEO of 2002! Kudos goes out to everyone who is in it and who made it! And i cant wait for Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret's!!!!!
Good... But not Great. The movie was good, with lots of the book included, however, a lot was left out. They missed two Quiddich scens, Norbert's life was horrably left out, and a few charecters were missing from the movie. However, the original movie was over four hours long, and it is being advertized as if that is being put back into the movie. With an extra two hours to put all the detail I mentioned into the movie, it should be exelent, hence, my 5 star rating.
Movie-5 STARS DVD-1 The movie was so great that I couldnt wait till the DVD came out, but it was a horrible purchase, the DVD would only play the movie once and then it wouldnt do it anymore, the deleted scenes were nothing like I expected, and it wont even read the disks anymore. WB made them [poorly]and there have been tons of complaints that I have seen on websites. I advise ppl not to by this for a few months till they start making them in better quality!
The best movie of all time This movie was definately the best movie I have ever seen. Their were somethings left out but it was still excellent. The cast was amazing and everything from the quidditch scene to the size of Hagrid was excellent. This is definately a movie worth seeing and I will definately see the second installment to it. I highly recommend seeing this movie it is awesome!
Excellent! I sure do wish #'s 3 and above ... Excellent! I sure do wish #'s 3 and above were like this!
The BEST! The Effects were great! The acting was great! Especially MAggie SMith, Alan Rickman, Richard Harri , Robbie Coltrane, Ian Hart, Richard Bremmer, Dan Radclifee, John Cleese, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Tom Felton, Sean Biggerstaff, Zoe Wannamaker, Luke Youngblood, Simon Fisher-Becker, Terence Bayler, Kevin Yi Lee, Chris Rankin, HArry Melling, Nina Young, Richard Griffiths, Warwick Davis, my only complaint is in Fiona Shaw.
Everything I expected! The film was great and obviously in awesome picture quality being Blu-Ray. I love the collector's items that come with the set. Didn't really need the digital copy... so, meh. I also really liked that even with all the extra content particular to this edition, there were still the special features that come with the standard 2-disc editions. So some old fun with new fun! All in all I was pleased. I will purchase the others!
Hogwarts: Year One!!! See how it all began. Six years before Harry and Voldemort's final battle, we find out that Harry is a young wizard and must be trained at Hogwarts. He befriends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Together, they try to stop someone from stealing the Sorcerer's Stone. I still remember being 11 years old and seeing this with my mom. This is a very fun movie to watch. I highly recommend HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE!!!
A Great Movie For All Ages Our whole family enjoys this movie. The movie did a great job of bringing the book to life. As in any movie made from a book, many details are not present. I read the book to my 5-year old daughter prior to seeing the movie, so it did help to make more sense out of everything. I would still highly recommend this movie for all ages. It may be a bit scary at times for little kids, but all in all it is a great movie.
You can pick anything apart, including this movie . . . but for a movie adaptation of the first book of the Potter series, this movie has alot going for it. The cast is wonderful--just as I pictured each and every character--especially Snape and Hagrid. My favorite is Ron. He is a perfect Weasley. I teach language arts in middle school and my students all love this movie. There is something for every interest--and it is just a great escape for an afternoon or evening.
A marvelous classic for Potter fans The first in the J.K. Rowling series entitled "Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone" is one of the best fantasy films that I've seen in a very long time. While nowhere near as captivating or as visually explosive as the Lord of the Rings movies, Harry Potter is a marvelous silver screen adaptation of Rowling's first novel. I know that I will almost certainly be butting heads against HP book-reading purists as I'm a Harry Potter newbie (as of writing this review) and I can fully understand that, but this movie is a marvelous fantasy classic. I have no regrets about buying this on video and I've watched it countless times over and will continue to do so in the coming years. The movie begins with Hogwarts Professor Dumbledore bringing a an orphaned Potter to his uncle Vernon Dursley and aunt Petunia Dursley who, along with spoiled cousin Dudley, become very unkind towards him due to their belief that witches, wizards' magic are a grave threat and they try to bury the whole topic during his childhood realizing that Potter was the child of a wizard and a witch, something that the Dursley family wanted nothing to do with. Later, a friendly half-giant Rubeus Hagrid comes crashing in and takes care of Potter's abusive relatives and takes Potter to a huge school of wizardry and witchcraft called Hogwarts by means of a secret passageway called Platform 9 3/4. I sometimes even think of why the carts don't crash into the wall instead of vanishing through. During the trip there Potter meets Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. It was around that time when the rivalry with the troublesome Draco Malfoy would begin. It was eventually around then when he'd learn of the evil wizard known as Voldemort who killed his parents but why Harry himself is so famous. And so the adventures that involve monstrous creatures, magic, witchcraft, Quidditch matches, all begin. The cast of the characters was great even though maybe not perfect. Richard Harris did such a wonderful job portraying Albus Dumbledore and with his tragic passing, he will be missed by millions of movie goers. No word on who could take Harris' place. Maggie Smith does such an incredible job playing the fearsome, strict but fair Professor McGonagall. I love that British accent and it's so funny seeing her get angry when Potter and his gang get in trouble at school. She was perfect for McGonagall's role. Alan Rickman has that unsettling deep commanding voice that perfectly matches the mysterious Severus Snape, Slytherin's Potions Teacher. Tom Felton does a solid performance playing the cold-hearted Hogwarts bully, Draco Malfoy. Although he is sinister in terms of Hogwarts students, if Malfoy was real, he would seem like a nice guy compared to some of the violent bullies in real-life schools! :( The threesome Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Rupert Grint as Ronald Weasley, and Emma Watson, were great choices to play these characters. A great amount of suspenseful music gives the movie a relatively chilling feel to it. The production is excellent in the entire movie and the special effects are astounding, even if nowhere near as mind-blowing like those from The Lord of the Rings are. I know that there's already tons of LOTR vs. HP going on all over the place and while I definitely prefer LOTR over HP, Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is a marvelous classic that should be owned by almost any movie lover.
BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! I used to HATE Harry Potter and think it was for little kids. The day the movie came out my best friend dragged me to the movies. I LOVED IT! It was the best movie I have ever seen! I saw it 4 times after that and read the books! I DEFINITLY reccomend it so people of all ages, no matter what type of movies you like. SEE IT!!! It's the best!
Magically good This dvd was superb!! Every second was magical and full of new twists and surprises. The general appearance was right on with the book. There were some minor differences from the book and the dvd and that didn't affect the ratings whatsoever. Overall I think the acting, scenes, and realisticness was above and beyond. It was such a joy to have watched this outstanding dvd. The special features were amazing.
Five Stars My 7-year old's rating. He tried to give it six stars.
Five Stars was a buirthday presrnt for my son he really likes it
very cool!!! this was a excellent movie,the special effects were awesome, the acting was great,and the cast fit there parts perfectly (i wanted to try out for hermoine!).i only wish that they cou- ld of left in the part of the potion riddle.i've read all the books at least twelve times each,so i was majorly excited when the movie came out, now i'm eagerly awaiting the next book and movie!!!
A wonderful DVD!!!! ...this is a very special DVD. The fabulous movie aside, this has to be one of the most accomplished DVD's ever....everything from the guided tour of Hogwarts, to trips to Diagon Alley, to the time it takes to finally get the Philosophers Stone (which you have to find in order to reveal the deleted scenes)....everything is done so superbly & presented impeccably..... ...Overall? Fabulous!!!
Simply Amazing! You will never watch the non extended version of the films again once you own the ultimate editions. The uncut scenes fill in so much of the story that was in the books. The picture quality on blue ray is stunning. The bonus materials are fascinating for Harry Potter fans. The books included are beautiful. Simply amazing sets! It is a cherished item in my movie and Harry Potter collections.
Great Gift. Birthday gift for my granddaughter and she loves it.
Good Purchase The product was in perfect condition and no exterior damages. Haven't tested the DVDs yet but I felt like I was opening a brand new DVD without any imperfections on it. I've been trying to replace certain DVDs in my Harry Potter collection that are not the right format or that do not have the extra features. I feel this product was a steal for it's price and I love it!
got to have it!!! This film was excellent! But what was just so great was the cover(dvd box) it came in this elaborate decorated dvd cover with many pictures and a cool way to fold it open and close. (one that we dont see anymore, because of how cheap the end product is made now a days). I was trully impressed the quality and the price!! could not have found a better price anywhere else but here!!!
very good! Why the bad reviews?? Huh?? I thought it was excellent. It followed the book closely. Ok, they were pretty good at acting. the girl who played Hermione Granger has been in a small play, that was her acting experience. Ron had hardly any acting experience. I don't know about Harry , but they're what? 11 years old? I liked it all around. You should definately buy this video.
Great movie and great series! Someone had borrowed my copy of the first Harry Potter movie and never returned it. I'm an great fan of all the movies and watch them over and over again. Had to have this one because what's the sense in having the collection if one is missing. I'm sure all you Harry potter fans know what I'm talking about!
Harry Potter The DVD version of Harry Potter was exactly what I expected it to be. It was something that required concentration and a knowledge of what was happening in the untones of the movie to understand. It truly followed the book. The added scenes were fantastic and the photography was outstanding. The second DVD.....I am having trouble getting through the mazes, but that is life.
Great DVD! Everything that was stated about this DVD by the seller was correct. I got what I expected adn what I wanted. The DVD is in great condition and so is the outside case. If I have the opportunity, I would definately buy from this seller again. The shipping was very fast. A***** I recommend this seller by ANYONE who wants great products in quick time. Thank you very much seller.
Great New World This movie was a lot of fun to watch for the first time in theaters and has been fun every time I have watched it since. The introduction of the wizarding world in conjunction with the "normal" world was well done. The characters, their interaction and development, and the great world of majic we've all dreamed of as kids has been brilliantly brought to life in this movie.
A wonderful series This movie was superb, but obviously not as good as the book. The best thing about this movie is that it cannot even begin to show its excellent standard without the other movies, just like Sorceror's Stone sets the basis and tone of all the other books. As the other movies are created we will see the simple beauty of the story as it naturaly evolves. I cannot wait!
Very good, but read the book first This movie was really good. It is different than the book. Personally I like the book better, but the movie was almost as good. The only thing I am going to say about the movie is that it has a really strange ending. I would recommend it to anyone who likes fanacy books and movies
Great Great Great Movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... Now, the movie was great and it was very close to the book. Of course in a movie version you have combine some scenes and delete others or ever movie made from a book would be about 8hours long. If you are a big Harry Potter fan as I am, the book brings to life the characters from the book VERY WELL. Get this DVD, it's a must for your collection
Sorcerer's Stone is a classic HP and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first and best! We learn about the boy, Harry, and his history living amongst muggles. The magic in this movie is all the wonderful cgi effects, and I prefer this actor's Dumbledore to his replacement (yes, I know the original actor passed away). THE HD DVD video has amazing clarity. I can watch this movie again and again!
Good Movie... I am a huge Harry Potter fan!! Being 21 years old, I never thought I would write those words! I really love these books and the movie is great too. My only advice is...I loved the books so much that the movie wasn't all that I wanted it to be (altough it is still wonderful). Surely a movie that you should watch. Try the books too! YOU WILL LOVE THEM!
Extra Footage Great film overall. Yes, the extra footage is on the disk, but you have to walk through a series of tests based on the movie to get to it. It took us forever (and I didn't think the footage was all that special). But just to set the record straight, it is there. I think we ended up walking through all the chapters on the extras disk to find the footage.
Unique I never read the Harry Potter series, so I didn't know what to expect when I began watching the movie. It was great and a highly imaginative story. The graphics were great and I definately enjoyed navigating through the DVD's special features! I would definately recommend this movie for children and for adults as well. Definately not a disappointing movie.
Movie is 5 stars, extra disc...no... Of course the movie itself is great on DVD. The extra disc is no big deal. It is difficult to navigate the "special" features and very frustrating that there is not more there. I missed full bios on the cast, as I have been enjoying that on other DVDs. But, this DVD set is worth the price any day!! Harry Potter is alive again in my living room!
Excellent fantasy movie I thought the movie was quite good, though it brought to mind Star Wars, The dark side, and James and the Giant Peach, the evil "parents." I think Rowling could have been more original. However, it made me feel like I wanted to be a wizard, much like Star Wars made me want to be a Jedi. The story captivating, the effects excellent. Worth purchasing.
Style over Substance? I enjoyed the film a lot and I expected a lot from the DVD (also considering the fact that WB boasts that the DVD will be unlike any other), but, I have to say, I was a bit disappointed with it. The film was fine, except, of course, the lack of audio commentary by the Director/Producer or the actors themselves. It was the second disc that bugged me a lot. I was lead to believe that there are tons of behind-the-scene flicks and production notes on the bonus disc but, to my horror, there weren't many. Oh, sure, there are the deleted scenes (which they didn't even incorporate to the film, unlike what Star Wars the Phantom Menace did) and an interview with the Director, Producer and Script Writer, but aside from those, the extras were really lame. You have to "play" your way around the disc in order for you to view the deleted scenes which is an original concept, but, quite frustrating after several turns. There are your screensaver, game demos, remembrall, potion-challenge and your virtual tour of Hogwarts (which was quite good but still lacking). Anyway, I was hoping to get a glimpse of the usual stuff--production notes, behind-the-scenes, interview with the actor, audition clips, costume design, creature design, the CG of Harry Potter, outtakes, etc. Stuff that really mattered. I wanted to get a glimpse of what it was to be on the set of Harry Potter, the opinion of the actors, anything about the MOVIE ITSELF. But what I got is a compilation of flash-type games that are not only annoying, but quite a nuance as well. One word summary: gimmicky. Sorry Harry. The only reason I gave it three stars is that I'm a big HP fan. If not for that, I'd probably give it a 2 or a 1.
Harry's First Year Who wouldn't want to revel in the wonderment of an 11-year old boy whisked from his dreary existance to discover his potential among magical creatures and equally mysterious people. The viewer has already seen the movie it is assumed. The extra's are nice but accessing them is a little difficult. The DVD keeps the wonderful score up to quality.
obviously didn't have the whole book but still awsome they could not put everything or it would be way to long. they left out peeves.but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't see the movie or get the dvd.it was a great movie and i felt like seeing it again.i recommend it to anyone who likes a action-packed,sligtly scary,funny movie.
Harry Potter - Good against Evil As in all good against evil movies, our heros win against evil in the world of scorcerers and witches. Wow! What a game! Quidditch, what an imagination the author had. So fast paced and interesting. Loved Haggard. Great movie! It kept the adults in this family interested. I say thumbs up and can't wait for the next on to come out. ...
I give up...Where are the "7 Deleted Scenes?" Granted we just returned from vacation and I only spent 45 minutes or so navigating the two discs, but I'm not seeing the kinds of "extras" I'm used to or that were advertised. What gives?! The movie is great fun for all ages! No home with children (or fun-loving adults) should be without it! Looking forward to the next one!!
Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone When I heard that Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone movie was coming out I got so excited. After the movie I told my mom "We're buying it!" It was so good. I can't believe all the special effects and such...it's amazing...they did an awesome job on it. I can't wait for the next one...Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets!
Not as expected I have waited for ths for a long time. I thought that the DVD would be much more advanced in flavor than expected. They made such a big deal and it didn't even have a special look at the second movie. I paid extra money just to get it on the "Special" DVD.
... was made is obviously not the optimum way to enjoy this movie Watching this on a lap-top 15 years after it was made is obviously not the optimum way to enjoy this movie. I loved the books and this movie covers an impressive amount of ground in ways that were creative, beautiful, and cutting edge for its time. A faithful addition to the Harry Potter universe that offers a fun dose of nostalgia.
Wonderful film... questionable extras.... Since I figure that everyone has already seen Harry Potter and formed their own opinions, I'm writing this review primarily on the DVD and the much touted extras. The movie itself is wonderful - but the DVD set leaves a little to be desired. The first DVD in the set is great. They did a first rate job on the transfer and the sound. The second DVD with all the extras though is lacking a certain something. The extras disc has just enough to make you want more but doesn't have some of the very things that we all heard about during all the publicity about the film. I remember hearing over and over that the first cut of the film came in at over 3 1/2 hours. Then on the disc there are only a few deleted scenes totally under 10 minutes. They had the obligatory making of but that too seemed more than a bit short. Another frustrating thing was navigating the extras - it was close to impossible. It took me over ten minutes to work through the little game system to even access the deleted scenes(though I later discovered there was a very small place to click for direct access). This just wasn't fun. I don't enjoy being made to jump through hoops to watch a film and see the various extras packaged in. Maybe they should release one version for adults who don't like the games and another for children who enjoy things like that. Overall I love the film but I have this feeling that they are holding back to release another set sometime. It would be nice to just be able to purchase the film without having to wonder about another release coming out in a year.
Simplemente Excelente!! Excelente presentacin, excelente calidad. Par de DVD9 con la mejor calidad de video y sonido que un DVD puede ofrecer. Desventajas? Que el DVD 2 no est subtitulado. Pero la pelcula est, tanto doblada como subtitulada al espaol. Y el lujoso empaque.. Digno de Colleccin.. Yo lo recomiendo en un 100%. Saludos a todos!
For Potter fans! If you're a big Harry Potter fan, you'll need this for your collection. The movie comes with character cards, a book with inside info on the movie and lots of behind the scenes stuff. I'll probably give away my earlier addtions. I've already ordered the Sorcer's Stone and can't wait to see what is in the ulitmate edition!!
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone I loved the movie. I was very disappointed with the build up before the release of the movie in the theaters. They said it was very true to the book. I found a lot of stuff deleted and new things added. I still found the movie to be very enjoyable. I'm glad i bought it. The movies is very different from the book.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This magical movie brings the audience on a trip into Harry's magical world! It will amaze you what with all of the quiditch matches and Voldemort lurking around. Will Harry find out who is trying to steal the stone? Will he find out what the stone is? Find out in this terrific display of J.K. Rowling's wild imagination!
great movie this was an excellant movie. the 1st time we watched it there was 2 adults and two 7 year olds. we all loved the movie. but the two 7 year olds being rambunctious and antsy refused to sit still thru the movie. but this happens with all movies , and they did say they enjoyed it , along with appearing to enjoy it.
Fantastic It's a great start to a wonderful series.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone I think the dvd was amazing. i loved the special features and the actual dvd was wonderful. it capured the magical spirit better than the theater did. i loved the surprises and adventures. i can't wait for the second movie to come out on dvd. i saw it in theaters and it was even better than the first one.
Sounds okay The movie was a good movie. I am listening to the book on tape and have relazed more mistakes for example when they take harry potter to oliver wood. In the book he was in flickricks room nots defence against the dark arts. So they're are tiny mistakes and major mistakes. But over all it was a good movie.
A must have for fans! Extremely happy with this collector's set. Quality of video and audio is worth the extra money. Love the little extras it comes with...the collector cards, mini photo book...etc. Plus the extended version includes the removed scenes and you have the option to watch either version. Well worth the money!
Best movie ever. A classic to be watched again and again.
If I could, I'd give it a 3.5 I would. I do NOT think that the movie lived up to its true potential at all. I haven't actually revieved my DVD yet, but from what I saw of the movie, many scenes were left out. Also, the thing where they show Harry under the invisibility cloak was just plain stupid. it could have seriously been better.
I was a little disappointed that I couldn't tell this was extended at all I purchased the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone extended version and while I've watched the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone about a dozen times, I was a little disappointed that I couldn't tell this was extended at all. But I still love the movie! Definitely one of my all time favorites!
I love this HD DVD Movie, it's Great. HD DVD is really the BEST. The picture quality & audio quality is amazing on this HD DVD release of Harry Potter. I have them all, and I am very happy with them. Much better than the SD DVD version by far. The movie itself is great, just like when I seen it in the Theatres. A must own for anybody.
Sub-par sound Supposedly, this movie streams with 5.1 audio. All I received was Amazon's usual stereo sound - but even worse, the speakers would screech and crackle during certain parts of the movie. My speakers and amp are just fine - I'd watched two blu-rays earlier in the weekend at much, much louder levels.
Great movie! Enjoyed it over and over. Great movie! Enjoyed it over and over.
Replacing VHS I bought this for my Fianc for Christmas to replace her old VHS copy. She was really happy and excited to finally have it on DVD. It was shipped quickly and it was cheap. I signed up for the thing that gives you free shipping if you get stuff through amazon and so shipping was totally free!!
Better than I expected This Harry Potter movie is excellent. Actually, it was better than I expected. Yes, the movie has cut many, many, small things from the book. But, this is inevitable. If everything from the book went into the movie, you would have a five or six hour movie. I recommend this movie.
My wife can't get enough of these movies. We usually end up watching all 8 Harry Potter movies twice a year....when we finish the last one, my wife to start all over again....anytime they are on HBO, STARZ or SHOWTIME she watches them....with the exception of the old Jimmy Stewart movie Harvey these are her favorite movies of all time.
"Harry Potter" Entertaining If Nothing Else Believe me, as an anti-Potter fan I went into "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" completely ready to hate it (in fact, I was even looking foward to leaving the theater and bashing it as much as possible). But I cannot do it. While it is certainly, certainly, CERTAINLY no masterpiece of cinema by any means, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" does manage to be entertaining and fun, holding a viewer's attention for its complete two-and-a-half hour run. I credit the entertaining success of "Harry Potter..." to the fact that its script is very detailed, engrossing, and polished; not to mention that it gives all the fans of the books what they want by being as loyal as possible to the original text. The film's entertainment also stems from the fact that the cast is a cavalcade of British actors ranging from newcomers (Daniel Radcliffe manages to give a strong performance as the title role) to seasoned actors (such as Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, and Maggie Smith, who are always joys to watch and are certainly no exception here). The ensemble cast all gives performances that are very well thought out and, more importantly, it looks like everyone in the cast is having spectacular fun bringing the story and characters to life. Yet "Harry Potter..." does have its weaknesses, and all these weaknesses are mainly the result of what is obviously a rushed product. It is very apparant in the special effects and some of the blocking and editing, that the film was rushed and not made to the best quality it could have been, in order to get it released during the holiday season. Because of all this, some of the scenery, costumes, and even characters look, sound, and feel phony and unbelievable: And in a movie where the enviroment and the characters that inhabit that enviroment are such an integral part of its charm, that can be a BIG problem. Nevertheless, "Harry Potter" does entertain, and I cannot give it the bashing I would have hoped. If you're looking for something to fill a couple hours time or to perhaps show at a party or something of the sort, you might as well give "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" a try.
A near exact film adaption of an O.K. book Any comparisions to "Chronicles of Narnia" or "Wizard of Oz" are simply erronious and insulting, .... These series are well written and read classics. The word 'classic' does not come to mind when viewing or reading "Harry Potter". It's an alright book, but not phenomena like "C.O.N" or "W.O.O.". Someone pointed out that this drivel will be read again and again, and that makes it classic. Go to it, but good writing will always be the preference of those with taste. Certainly, "C.O.N." Chronicles' is moralistic, but more, it's well written, and will be read over and over again (entering a 3rd time, as many will attest). So too, will 'The Earthsea Trilogy' by LeGuin, and L.O.R. be read over and over again. However, this should not be a test of a 'Classic' novel; for most people (accurately) consider "Moby Dick" and "War And Peace" classics, but few will ever read them more than once. Who cares if the miraculous happens over and over? I don't see how it is missing in C.O.N., but then, talking animals and a interdimensional portals to lands full of mythic and magical creatures happens every day in my house. The miraculous occurs often in a lot of namable dime-store novels and children's books that are long since forgotten by most, (the 'Mushroom Planet' series comes immediately to mind). People read 'Nancy Drew' over and over again, good stories, but not classics. This goes beyond the point of the DVD, but people in search of good fantasy fiction should not be lead to believe this is on the level of these other stories. So, this review addresses the story, which is in both the book and film. Essentially, in this installment, Harry Potter discovers after growing up a group of "muggles" (non-magical people, usually displayed as boring and bigoted people by boring and bigoted witches and wizards, the "moralization" being here that magical people are better somehow, or at least think they are) that he is accepted to a Wizard's School, (a topic given far better treatment in Ursula K. LeGuin's "Earthsea Trilogy"), and begins his fabulous journey. He arrives at wizard school, and becomes something of a celebrity who quickly rises to the top. He discovers a transparent conspiracy (one that any of the adult magicians should have been able to see) and sets off to solve the mystery. This movie, like the book that's based on, is fairly boring and superfluous. The tasks Harry has to go through to defeat the villian are not very difficult, and thus not very interesting. It is ludicrous that this series of books and movies are controversial, where it doesn't have anything of true value concerning magic, wizards or witches. Nor does it have interesting lessons, analogies or allusions. The special effects are fairly clunky CGI work, (watch the centaur scene for jilting movements). The sets and the look of the film are both fantastic, and the 'quiditch' scene is fun to watch, though you never get the sense that Potter is ever in any real danger. The extras on the DVD are silly, and don't warrant a second disc. Though extra scenes are always nice to see. Though a children's film, there is nothing here to make a comparison to any of the classic stories realistic. It compares better with Nancy Drew or Encyclopedia Brown than some of those that have been loosely thrown about (perchance by people that have not read the series they insult by comparing it to Harry Potter). I actually enjoyed reading Harry Potter's first book though I'm not a child, but there was really nothing warranting the high praise it has gotten aside from good marketing. It just reminds me that there are better children's stories out there, such as the now defunct "Mushroom Planet" series. This movie is an enjoyable watch, but don't expect "Lord of the Rings" quality of storytelling.
Harry Goes To Hogwarts! You have to have a heart of stone - or be a Dursley - to NOT like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I say this not from the perspective of a child, nor the parent of a child, nor even a voracious reader of the J.K. Rowling novels about the boy with glasses and that lightning-shaped star. Indeed, I only have the first of the five books and that, dear readers, only because my former neighbor and computer troubleshooter gave it to me before he moved to South Carolina. My taste in movies rarely goes into the realm of "family fare," even though some of my favorite films (E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind, the Star Wars series, among others) are geared for young and old alike. I must also admit that I only started reading Harry Potter when I had just about gone through most of my Tom Clancy novels, Star Wars tomes, and history books. I was not sure if I would like it as much as I do, say, Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that Ms. Rowling's tale is appealing not only to the young but to the young-at-heart. The 2001 film version, adapted by Steve Kloves and directed by Chris (Gremlins) Columbus, is an above-average family film. While warm and whimsical in places, Rowling's tale is not exactly all syrupy and bright, either. For the story of Harry Potter, wizard in training, is also a story which deals with fate, losses, fear, courage, friendship, and the struggle between the forces of light and darkness. Sorcerer's Stone follows the plot of its source novel faithfully (some have said "too faithfully"): an orphaned Harry Potter is left to be cared by his maternal aunt Petunia and her husband Vernon, the terrible Dursleys, after his parents' tragic demise at the hands of Lord Voldemort, a dark and deadly wizard. For most of his 12 years, Harry lives in a cupboard under the stairs. When strange things start happening on his cousin Dudley's birthday outing and owls start flooding the house on Privet Drive with letters from Hogwart's School of Wizardry, the Dursleys try to hide Harry in a remote shack out in the boonies. But Harry's destiny is not to be denied, and he is whisked away by Hogwart's trusted groundskeeper Hagrid. Kloves and Columbus recreate Rowling's novel almost perfectly, catching all the nuances and details just right. Though this makes for a running time of 152 minutes, Sorcerer's Stone never drags or brings on snores...at least not for older kids and young-hearted adults. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grant and Emma Watson are excellent in their roles as Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger; their camaraderie and pluck is convincing, and the supporting cast, which includes John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, and the late Richard Harris as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, is an exciting and talented ensemble. Adding his usual musical magic to Harry's adventures is none other than composer/conductor John Williams, whose soaring themes and gentle underscores give extra excitement to the Quidditch match and dark menace to those dark passages within the walls of Hogwarts. The Special Widescreen Edition DVD consists of one disc that contains the film itself (with English and Spanish audio tracks, plus subtitles in both languages) and a few extra features, plus a second disc with DVD-ROM features, games, puzzles, interviews, and links to the Web. The sound and picture are excellent, and the movie itself seems destined to be a family classic along the lines of The Wizard of Oz and the great films of Walt Disney.
Fantastically Faithful, but it IS only introductory... THIS REVIEW WILL ONLY BE BASED ON THE MOVIE, AND ITS RELATION TO THE NOVEL. So this is the beginning, isn't it? JK Rowling's incredible world of magic, that started in 1998 in America started on the movie screen in 2001. So how good was this movie? It was definitely very good. Quite roughly it's about a boy who nearly died by the most dangerous dark wizard to ever step foot in the world, and ends up living with a muggle family related to his mother who treat him like an outcast and a bad seed, feeling disgraced and embarrassed that any family member could be magical. But Harry receives a letter to go to one of the best magic schools, called Hogwarts, and he begins to learn about his unavoidable wizard heritage. You have to start with the acting, because starting with this film for the series, there has been a healthy mix of young new talent, and veteran talent throughout, and this film is no different. The whole cast is virtually British with a few Irish exceptions. You have Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Richard Harris as McGonagall, Snape, and Dumbledore respectively anchoring the wonderful young talents of Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter), Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley), Emma Watson (Hermione Granger), and Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy). The acting is simply great in my opinion, considering they were enlisting child talent throughout the country. The important part of a film adaptation of a novel is bringing forward the spirit the novel creates. The nice thing is that Sorcerer's Stone is the shortest of all the Harry Potters, so it makes it relatively easy to stay faithful with a 2 hour 20 minute film. Chris Columbus and his people did a great job of this. Nearly all of the important pieces are there for the adaptation to make sense, and for all the pieces to fit together as well as they did in the novel. Now, Harry Potter is obviously geared to young adults, so why should someone in their 20s or 30s get into Harry Potter? First off, the film IS visually stimulating. The special effects aren't overdone, nor is it the focus, but it's done perfectly to give what it has to give to the film. Also, the children playing the roles really bring out what these characters are all about in the novel, as do the adult cast. Their personalities are effectively evoked through their incredible performances, and although the concept of magic spells and high fantasy are more indicative of your stereotypical middle school nerd, it has a lot to offer about adolescence and self-doubt, even at the tender age of 11. Perhaps JK Rowling didn't envision her saga would reach the adult demographic, but it did, and that's kind of what makes these stories amazing. So what was great about this film for it to deserve 4 out of 5 stars? The acting was phenomenal, but the important thing when a series such as Harry Potter has so much popular culture buzz is to stay faithful so the bookworms can respect it, but so newbies can get into it and follow the films much like people would follow the novels, and Sorcerer's Stone definitely achieves this effectively. The special effects were great when they were necessary, and the character introductions were well-played. Enough things were changed around, such as the order of things, and certain settings, but the important parts were there, and the actions that occurred were evoked, even though something may have taken place on Hogwarts footsteps, as opposed to the Hogwarts train as it was in the novel (Harry's first confrontation with Malfoy, for example). What was negative for the film to not deserve five stars? Well, it was what it was. Most introductory novels to a fantasy series has to spend a significant amount of time introducing the characters and future plotlines, and Sorcerer's Stone is really no different. The film isn't all that exciting, and there really isn't a ton of action. I found the ending a little bit anti-climactic, although the twist was rather nice, but it really wasn't a battle. Given what would go forward with the series, but if one was grading this movie in and of itself, it is a bit of an anti-climactic end. There was also one omittance that was a bit irritating whichy was the end sequence (SPOILER ALERT) when Harry, Ron, and Hermione enter the chamber to retrieve the Sorcerer's Stone before Professor Snape does (or so they believed anyway). You had the Devil's Snare, the Flying Keys, and the Chess Match. The film omitted the logic puzzle that Hermione figures out which is why in the novel she gets Gryffendor bonus points. In the film she gets them through figuring out the Devil's Snare. I wasn't really sure why this was omitted, probably for action continuity, but, I would have liked to have seen Hermione be her brainiac self for that portion. All-in-all, for introductory purposes, and its ability to ensnare filmgoers into coming to the movie theater to see the next segment, it succeeds admirably. There really is nothing wrong with the film at all, but the four out of five stars comes down to taste, and as most of us know, soon the series begins to take a darker tone, which is when it really finds its stride. But JK Rowling really does create a great world with this story, and the film more or less does a very good job in being able to evoke her incredible vision.
Faithful, well-made film version of the bestseller The staggering success of J.K. Rowlings' Harry Potter novels put enormous pressures on the producers of the movie version of the first book in a the series, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". This was the most eagerly anticipated movie based on a book since "Gone With the Wind" sixty-two years ago. I am happy to report that the movie turns out to be quite good. If it has a problem, it is that it is too slavishly faithful to the book. This prevents the movie from soaring to the great heights a visual medium can reach on its own terms and makes it run a bit too long. Two and one-half hours is a long time for most kids to sit still; however, there are enough sights and thrills here for most of them to tolerate its length happily. For those of you who don't know, Harry Potter [Daniel Radcliffe] is an orphan who lives in the cupboard under the stairs of his uncaring relatives' suburban home. One day he and his guardians are inundated by letters [delivered by owls!] which say that Harry has been accepted into Hogwarts School. This is how Harry finds out that he's a wizard. After much magical persuasion, Harry gets to go to Hogwarts. There, he meets wizards and witches, sorcerers and trolls, and other fantastic creatures. For the first time ever, Harry feels like he's at home. There are a lot of happy, magical moments at the school, but there are also dangerous ones. Among them are a dark wood that students are never to enter, an evil professor, some not-so-nice fellow students, and a demon that wants Harry dead. Harry and his new best friends, Ronald and Hemione [Rupert Grint and Emma Watson], are in for many fantastic adventures. The excellent cast includes some of Britain's best actors, including the legendary Maggie Smith as Minerva and Richard Harris as Demeledore. Robbie Coltrane is remarkable as Hadrid, the loveable giant who is always doing and saying the wrong things, and so is Alan Rickman as the nasty Professor Snape. Radcliffe, Grint and Watson are gifted young actors and play their characters without the annoying cuteness that is found in many kids' movies. Some of the special effects are amazing, especially the flying Quiddich game sequences and one involving an encounter with a giant chess set that comes to life. Many of the effects don't look lifelike, but, considering the movie's big budget, this may have been done on purpose, in order to give the movie a fantasy, dream-like look. Some of the movie may be too intense for very young children. This has always been a problem with movies, though. When I was five or six, I was totally traumatized by the wicked queen and her poisoned apple in Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves". I don't like apples to this day. But, then, I was pretty high on the wimp scale.
Three Stars for Adults, Four for Kids (Five for the Book, for Anyone) Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful book and the beginning to a truly magical series by J.K. Rowling. Any person of any age is highly encouraged to give these books a read--the only danger is that you'll likely get hooked on them. Of course, this review is about the movie, not about the book... and the movie is... decent. It is a fairly faithful adaptation, but doesn't quite capture the charm or depth of the novel. It feels as though two mistakes were made: 1) They tried to put everything in; 2) They tried to make it a kid's movie. The first mistake was in trying to put everything that occurs in the book in the movie. In the first place, it was an impossible task--you can't fit a book that size completely into a movie, and you shouldn't try anyways because books and movies are different media with different strengths and weaknesses. In the second place, it makes the movie feel incredibly rushed. In the book, we eventually come to know and love a great many of these characters, such as Harry, Ron and Hermione. In the movie (unless you've already read the book), you'll know them a little bit, but you never get to spend the time with them necessary to really bond, because we need to save space for the next sequence of events. Things happen with little context, rhyme or reason, but just because "it happened that way in the book." It would have been better to cut out some of the events, and spent a little more time developing characters. The second mistake was in trying to make this a children's film. Now, I know what you're saying: "But *isn't* Harry Potter a children's book?" And yes, it is. And no, it isn't. Harry Potter is a book that can appeal to any age. It does not read like "kid's lit"--the writing is intelligent and clever, and the plotlines fairly adult and complicated. Children were going to love this movie no matter how it was directed; it should have been done more seriously, because it would have been more true to the tone of the novel and more rewarding for adult fans. On the other side, this movie is still enjoyable, and all signs seem to suggest that the series of films is going to get better over time. The casting is absolutely brilliant--the kids are all spot on, and nothing brings more delight than Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. Being a lover of the books, I say that this film is a decent interpretation but no substitute for reading the novels. Adults especially who haven't read them, and watch this movie instead, are apt to scratch their heads in wonder a little bit at the popularity of Harry Potter.
The first DVD flop? The first Harry Potter film sold over 1.5 million videos and DVDs in its first day of release in the UK, breaking the previous impressive record held by Titanic. Now of course all these people, and their families, would have seen the film in the cinema and have enjoyed Christopher Columbus's excellent adaptation of one of the most succesfful books of the last century. They would have been gripped to the screen, just like myself, as we saw JK Rowling's incredible imagination come to life. The film is, in my humble opinion, a revelation. An example of how the medium of film can awe an audience, transport them to another world and entertain them for a few hours. It is escapism in the truest form. There's only one problem. The DVD [is bad]. The film has now surpassed The Phantom Menace as the second most successful film of all time. Warner have therefore spent an awful lot of money on this DVD production (and it shows). They clearly want to give us fans something to sink our teeth into, a DVD like no other, and one that would simply put to shame the conventional DVDs we have now grown accustomed to. But as they dived into complicated navigations and interactive menus they forgot about the elementary yet effective delights of Making Of Documentaries and commentaries. I cannot find a valid excuse why Warner would want to deprive us of a filmmakers commentary. The sets, effects, casting, direction, music, sound etc are of the highest quality and no doubt the people who contributed to this film would have been proud to share with us how the production was made. Commentaries are the most popular & SIGNIFICANT features on DVDs, and probably one of the cheaper features to make, so not even seeing ONE present on this 2 Disc "Special Edition" package is a disappointment to say the least. The interviews with the director and producer are very good but are too brief. Why have the people who made this DVD been so slack with the basics? There must be hundreds of hours worth of Making Of footage lying around in the Warner vaults. An inch of it barely makes it onto these discs. Of course there is the much talked about guided tour of Hogwarts, and this is where the DVD gets really messy. You get to direct yourself around certain sets. Using the arrows on your DVD's remote you can go left, right and forward at certain moments, and you can select objects on the screen to activate a voiceover which gives us a description. For instance, if you click on Hagrid's large cloak whilst in his hut the voiceover says what it contains and so on. I have to say that the idea is excellent. The intentions were in the right place but the tour becomes boring. It is not like a video game either where you can go wherever you want. You navigate yourself according to arrows, which restrict you to a certain area, and once you have completed the tour I guarantee you that it will not be half as interesting the second time round. It is quite laborious. And this is why I am calling this the first DVD flop. Sure, it will make millions, but only because of the film itself. The features are simply pointless. An experiment that went wrong. And to compund how poorly the navigation is I have yet to even see the deleted scenes. I can't find them. There isn't a simply button that says "Deleted scenes - click here" but different rooms and tests that I mast trawl through to access them. This said I would still recommend you buy it. Why? Because the film has never looked or sounded this good. The picture quality is perfect, and as the film is such a visual feast the picture transfer is actually important. The plus $120 million spent on the film is justified when you see Hogwarts for the first time. It is a glorious sight and I will be the first to say far better than what I imagined it to be. Now when I read the Potter books I often substitute the film's interpretations for my own because they are more vivid. Then you have the glorious digital 5.1 soundtrack. The atmosphere created makes your hairs stand on end, and when the Quidditch game takes place you hear sounds whizzing by your ears. Great stuff! I was expecting a DVD similar to The Phantom Menace. Instead it is second rate, trying to pass itself off as a CD-ROM. Thinking about it why didn't they just do that! The kids will like it, but will grow bored very quickly. Over $20 million was spent on the production of this DVD, making it one of, if not the most expensive DVD ever made. It is a disappointment. That my friends is what I call a flop. The irony, considering what the film went on to do at the box office. Now lets hope Warner will consider making a more conventional, but EFFECTIVE and INFORMATIVE DVD in the near future, maybe in time for Christmas. Well what do you know, maybe Warner wanted it to be like this all along!
[4.5] Come and see where it all began I've never read the Harry Potter books, nor ever had an urge too upon their popular release. I gave the films a try and I must say that this is far better than I expected. I can now see why the series is so popular. I still haven't read the books only becuase I don't want it to ruin the movies that I love so much, casue there is bound to be continuity issues, common with most novel to film releases. Though the Sorcerer's Stone is a great film, it is very mild for where the series is headed. Each Potter adventure grows darker and more dangerous, but the first film is rather easy going overall. Indeed, this is a fun film that people of all ages will enjoy, and is great for the kids. After seeing the latest Potter film - Order of the Phoenix - it is quite a surprise to come back to see where it all began. Naturally, the young actors look so much younger, and its fun to see where they had come from, both in terms of age as actors and their characters - specifically referring to Harry, Ron, and Hermoine. As with most series, the first is an introduction. Since the Potter films were already pre-written into glorious novels, each book carried its own story. So yes, this is an introduction to the Potter series, but at the same time it is a story about the Sorcerer's Stone, just like the next film is a tale about the Chamber of Secrets and the next etc. Though entertaining and enjoyable, I did not find the Sorcerer's Stone to be the most intriguing story thus far in the series, in fact, its more likely the least favorite of mine, but that's ok. Its still good, but the stories get better in each new film. Sorcerer's Stone is very well made, complete with great sets, amazing costumes, lovebale and admirable characters, and plenty of good ol magic and flying brooms to go around. If you are at all familiar with the game of Quidditch, it is not only introduced here, but a game is focused on more than any of the films thus far - complete with intense scenes of action and sport. If you are still one of the few who have not seen Harry Potter, go ahead and give it a try - chances are you are bound to find something that holds you're interest. It is a great tale of suspense and adventure with a variety of great characters. If you've seen all the films, I will remind you how much fun it is to go back and start all over again just to see how far we've come. Acting - 4.5 Action - 3.5 Characters - 5 Story - 4 Overall - 4.5
Somewhat less than magical, especially on DVD The casting of this film is perfect. There is not a single character who does not look exactly as he or she ought, particularly Rupert Grint as the quintessential Ron Weasley. (Now, in the second movie, as much as I love Ken Branagh, I'd adore Hugh Grant as Gilderoy Lockhart ... but I digress.) Chris Columbus and company maintain overall a refreshingly reverent faithfulness to the book, which is, of course, a classic. So why did the film version leave me slightly flat? I've decided it's not the fault of anyone involved in the production but the inevitable result of condensing an entire school year into a 3-hour film. So much of what makes the book irresistible is in the details, details which must, sadly, be excised in the conversion to a film that you can watch without a lunch break. Hermione's application of "petrificus totalis" to Neville is far less poignant without the backstory of his struggles thus far in the school year. A Quidditch match without Lee Jordan's biased color commentary just isn't the same. And, oh, how I miss Fred and George Weasley's jokes! So I applaud the efforts of Columbus and crew, who have, I believe, delivered just about the best product possible. But let no one make the mistake of seeing the movie while omitting the read the book. In regard to the DVD version, I found the extras on the second disc disappointing, apart from a truly enjoyable interview with Columbus et al. on the making of the movie. But no outtakes? No deleted scenes? No early peek at the making of the sequel, already well underway by the time this DVD was issued? Color this fan disgruntled. The movie itself deserves 4 stars, but the DVD presentation downgrades my rating to 3.
Can't decide what movie to buy? If you want a fantastic movie to watch, buy Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. It's full of magical wizards and witches. If you want to jump out of your seats and can't wait what's going to happen next, then buy this movie. You'll never want to stop watching it. -Lizzy Geraci
One Word: Magical This movie was definately one of the best movies that i have seen. I am a huge fan of the books...and i think that this movie faithfully followed the book and the cast was excellent! I also suggest for everyone to go see the second movie which is in theatres now because it is spectacular.
Great Movie and Kid Friendly, too As one of millions of adult Harry Potter Fans, I was a little skeptical of how well the movie would follow the book. I was glad that it was pretty true to it. We watched it all weekend long with both of my kids (ages 6 years and 3 years). Both boys enjoyed it and didn't get scared.
I would give it a billion stars!!! I had been anticipating the arrival of the Harry Potter movie and all I can say is WOW!!!!!! Those six exclamation points say it all. I loved this movie. In fact, after you read this go to the store and buy it if you don't have it yet. I am telling you. This was an absolute masterpiece.
Love it, but WHERE'S THE PIP SOUND?? We love the Harry Potter movies, and this ultimate package is wonderful, but why can we not get sound on the "in-movie experience"? We get the picture in the corner, but we can't get the sound; we can get BD-live and everything else; any suggestions - we want that "in-movie experience".
Superb movie, Vile extras. I absolutely adore both the book and movie versions of this story, and Disc 1 of this boxed-set is 100% as good as it should be: it's an absolutely lavish transfer of the film, with rich vivid color, crisp picture, and excellent sound. Indeed, I think I had a better viewing experience with the DVD than in the really rather nice theater I saw the film in. That said, Disc 2 was a MAJOR disappointment. Much of the content is just rehashed material from the film itself, and the interface is supremely irritating. Indeed, while first looking at it with two friends who are also great fans of the books and film, mere minutes of being assaulted by this lousy interface had everyone complaining loudly. There is no actual menu, and no direct way to access any of the supplementary material. To get to anything, you have to navigate through a series of screens relating to the story, and since nothing is labeled as to what it actually contains, you have to poke around endlessly to find anything interesting. Also, there isn't a lot of interesting supplementary content for an adult audience. Most of it is geared toward children. While this is a children's story, it actually has more adult fans, and the content should have much better accounted for all ages. Finally, the packaging of the set is horrible, flimsy cardboard. I would expect the outer box to last two seconds flat in the hands of children... and I don't expect it to last a terribly long time in the hands of adults. In conclusion, this is a superb movie superbly transferred to DVD, packaged in a really lousy boxed set that I think you'll be very disappointed with if you want anything at all more than the movie itself.
creative and entertaining Having seen the movie in the theater, I was expecting the DVD to be the same experience. Surprise, seeing the movie for the second, third, and fourth time, only brought out the special effects even more. An entertaining, and clever movie that is fun to watch with the whole family.
If you're a fan... There shouldn't be any reason that you DON'T have this DVD, if you're a fan. There's no excuse. If you're not, I would say its because you haven't read the books. The movie was a bit of a imaginative letdown, but that has nothing to do with the quality of the product. Its great.
I know it's for the kids, but we've enjoyed the series too! We have all of the Harry Potter DVD's. They are well done and the layout on disc is great. You get extras on the DVD's too. We have all five so far. They always say the movie is never as good as the book... These movies come pretty close! Great stories and awsome special effects!
Harry Potter - Always The Best Harry Potter is, as we will all know if viewing this, quite the phenomenon, and the film did absolutely nothing to downplay it. Not that it should have! It was a positively brilliant adaptation to the book [Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone/Philosopher's Stone], and as one person said, it went quickly enough not to bore those of us who have read the book. [For me that would be around 17 times]. The Quidditch match was...well...the most BRILLIANT bit of screenplay I have seen, EVER, I couldn't BELIEVE how cool that was! :] The Giant Chess Game was spectacular as well! Everything really was, in essence, positively marvellous, and those that DIDN'T enjoy it probably haven't read the books or don't really have a hankering for Harry Potter like us hopeless HP Fans do. :] I cannot WAIT until the release of the DVD/Video, I saw the film seven times in the cinema and look forward with great gusto to the release of the film. Especially the extra added features!! The kids, yea, they did great, especially considering it was basically their first time really having a main role [the exception being Daniel Radcliffe; he played David Copperfield when he was a good deal younger, but really, it doesn't carry over if you know what I mean, as for Emma Watson (III) and Rupert Grint, it was their first time EVER acting in a film and if you ask me they did absolutely SMASHINGLY well]. Anyway, I would COMPLETELY recommend the film to ANYONE, of ANY age, ANY race, etc etc, because the magic of Harry Potter isn't just for a certain age group...it's for everyone...and gives us all a bit of hope, it really, truly does. :]
Simply LOVE I just loved this! I can't wait to see the second movie as well. Rupert Grint's expressions are cute, and Emma Watson is really pretty, and Daniel Radcliffe is very young! My favorite part was, "it's leviOsa not leviosA" I hope to purchase another Harry Potter movie.
A Perfect Gift I bought Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone(Widescreen Edition). I gave this movie as a Christmas present to a best friend of mine. I got him the first two (2) Harry Potter. He liked the first two (2) movies because Harry Potter was young. The first two movie were great!
What an event! This film is an event for people of all ages. It's imagination is brought to life by director Chris Colombus. He does a splendid job in directing the children, as he does in all his movies. The story takes a real twist at the end, as all novel readers know, but the film itself is appreciateable in it's humor that is given off by the great child actors. The child acting, at some points, only falls down to decent, but most of the time is terriffic. The visuals tend to lack at points, the troll, who is supposed to be about five tons, looks weightless because it's computer generated imagery doesn't seem completed. I believe visual effects teams will improve that in the future though. Of course, John Williams blows us away with his Oscar nominated score and left people of all ages humming the theme as they left the theater. It was memorable and me and my friends counted how many times we got chills in the theater just from the exciting score. It's an exciting movie, full of suprises, absolutely great acting, and one to be considered an all-time classic. It lives up to the book and I sometimes find it scary how the artists of this film managed to depict the characters exactly how I imagined them when I read the book. It is overwhelming how they truly bring J.K. Rowling's vision to life. And, I have seen the poster for Chamber of Secrets, and Dobby is exactly the way I imagined him. These artists freak me, but I love them for it. Splendid job, great film, definetly see it if you haven't. And don't bother renting it, just buy it, cause it's worth every penny.
Sorcerer's Stone Looks Incredible on Blu-ray This movie looks so good on Blu ray. It was almost like watching it for the first time. I highly recommend the Blu-ray version. I watched on PS3 and it looked supurb on my 50" Plasma. Definitely worth owning.
A Wonderful Movie Even if you have never read the books, you can still fall in love with the movie. Director Chris Columbus, did an excellent job bringing Harry and his friends to life. The movie is great and entertaining for the entire family. It is a must see for everyone.
Blockbuster Young and old alike will enjoy this sure-to-be Classic for its ability to tickle the imagination of all of us. A winner that bears repeat watchings. No matter your age, find a comfortable spot, unplug the phone and enjoy. Beverly J Scott author of Righteous Revenge
harry potter and the sorerer's stone This is the film that started the books being made into movies. This one introduces harry and the other characters and starts their adventures and they learn to relay on somebody besides thereselves, they also start learning the magic and spells at the wizard school.
Magically Delightful!!! Finally! A film that portrays pagans in the proper prospective. Just goes to prove that people can handle the fact that pagans are not the devil worshipers that they were always believed to be. Just like the book, Harry Potter will bewitch your heart with delight!
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This movie is awesome! As for the special edition 2nd disc it is alright. It's cool to explore hogwarts but the menu is very confusing. Besides that I'd highly recommend this movie. It's mixed with comedy and fantasy. An all around great movie for the whole family.
Bloody Brilliant!!!!! How could you not like this movie!!!!! The cast in this movie is perfect! You really believe that the charecters are real the way they play them.When I first saw this movie I was glued to the screen.So buy this movie today and fall in love with this magical movie.
Fun and faithful to the book This film is a fun and charming action film that is magical and touching. It is equally enjoyable for children and adults and those who have and have not read the books. A great beginning to what is sure to be an extremely popular and entertaining film series.
H.P. IS REALLY NEAT!! The movie disc was awsome. Ilike the way the special effects occure. On the features disc I liked to tour Hogwarts,catch the snitch,and visit Diagon Alley. I loved the interviews and there is much more to discover.I won't tell you more in till you buy it.
Great price This item came slower than I expected but was still in new condition like advertised. Very good movie and purchasing it has helped me with the goal of owning all of the Harry Potter movies. Wasn't much of a fan until now so I have some catching up to do.
Fabulously original! I love these books/movies! And...having seen all of the movies myself, I purchased this one for my 6 year old daughter and she loved it! I'm not sure she's ready for the subsequent episodes in the series as they get a little more intense with each one!
Extended pleasure! It was such a pleasure to watch this film with the added scenes. My favorite addition were the eggs near the beginning. If you haven't seen it yet...be prepared to be surprised. I loved it!
The One That Started It All This is the first movie in the series and one of the best. i love this movie. I thought that the film makers did a good job staying true to the book as much as possible. this is a great movie. This ultimate edition is for every harry potter fan to own.
star Harry Potter Movies were in best condition. also best quality in blue ray . I wish I would have checked for whole complete set,before buying individually. But it was first time watching any movie in blue ray,THERE REALLY IS A BIG DIFFERENCE.
Loved it! ^_^ A great match for the books (although I'd still take the books over the movies any day) and a fun watch. Even got a few non-Potter friends to sit down and see some of it. Always nice to make converts. ^_~ Now if I could only get my books back...
THIS FILM IS FUN AND EXCITING. THIS FILM IS ONLY ONE OF MANY HARRY POTTER FILMS. THIS FILM IS FUN AND VERY IMAGINATIVE. THE SITUATIONS THESE ADORABLE KIDS GET THEMSELVES IN ARE BOTH EXCITING AND DANGEROUSLY FUN. THE WHOLE FAMILY WILL LOVE THIS FILM AND THE OTHER HARRY POTTER FILMS.
A Classic! An absolutely wonderful movie. I love the books and thought I would be disappointed but I wasn't. There were certain changes but the look was right on target. The actors were perfect for the roles. Kudos to the entire cast! An instant classic!
The Wizard of OZ of our Time I just bought the DVD yesterday after renting it the other day and found it to be thoroughly enjoyable. I haven't read the books (though that ought to change soon now that I'm a new father!) and I didn't see the film in theaters. But I was captivated from the start by the story, the charactors, and the wonderful sets. It's interesting to note that the CGI is toned down a bit compared to the eye candy that's being passed off as movies these days. Most of the animals (including the owls) are real, as are most of the sets (real stone floors, tables, etc.), thereby making the story much more believable than Star Wars II. From such young actors, the acting is superb, and the adults do a good job as well (some of those british accents seem a bit forced, though). Some (adult)reviewers have noted that some scenes (the chess scene, for example) failed to instill fear in thier minds. I think that they were executed perfectly, keep in mind that this movie is aimed at pre-teens. If you'd like to see children getting their heads blown off, then you won't enjoy this film. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised at this refreshing fantasy that's should be in anyone's collection. A last note: I give the movie 5 stars, but the DVD does lack some of the features you might expect from such a film. The interface is cumbersome (for an adult, anyway), and the interviews are limited. I would have enjoyed seeing more on how the film was made.
Harry Pottter & Scrcerer's Stone I have all the Harry Potter movies, but I enjoy this one most. I have trouble sleeping and the best solution I have found is to listen to the music from this first episode, I've already worn out one VHS tape, so I was estatic when I found this one.
Five Stars Great movie for kids and adults.
Solid movie I came late to the Harry Potter Frenzy, but at least I can understand it now. This was a great movie based on an even better book. Some of the character interpretations were off in my estimation, but hey, I don't make movies, I just go see them.
A Great Movie to Watch I am not a fan of the Harry Potter books but this movie was entertaining. I watched it on cable one day and found myself sitting down to watch it instead of flipping the channels. This movie will take your mind off of other things. It did mine.
Four Stars for Kids HPSS is definitely worth seeing once for an adult and probably thirty times for a youngster. The effects are very nice, and the story as everyone knows, is fun and intriguing. Do not recommend a buy for adults, but if you have kids it is a must.
Harry Potter 1 on HD DVD Good Movie, The transfer is not perfect like I hoped. It is good but you do see video noise in dark scenes and even in bright scenes on a large HDTV. in comparison, Phantom of the opera was mostly night scenes and indoors but had a perfect picture
Interesting I think the movie is fantastic! Great picture, story, effects, and sound. The features are a little annoying to get to though. You have to go through many puzzles. You might like it but I am not fond of the puzzles. Everything else is great!
It's good, but not as good as... The "Harry Potter" movie suffered for coming out shortly before "Lord of the Rings - Fellowship of the Ring". HP is a good, entertaining, enjoyable family movie, and true to the book (perhaps a bit too much so) - unfortunately for it LotR turned out to be a truly magnificent film which not only captured the essence of its book but showed how you could transfer it to the big screen and be faithful to it while tightening and speeding things up. As both of these films are merely the first in series it seems likely that poor Harry and Hogwarts will be continue to be overshadowed by Middle Earth. This is rather a pity - one can enjoy both, after all. Yes, the DVD of the film itself is good, though the second one with its various extras (including a few - all too few -cut scenes) really is badly laid out and difficult to navigate. Poor Harry has also suffered a bit, from what we hear on this side of the pond, from the attention of people who think he is anti-Christian. How a story of the power of redeeming love to overcome evil can be this I really don't know. A couple of anti-Potter websites I've seen quote one of the characters who says "there is no good or evil, only power" as if this represents JK Rowling's viewpoint. In fact those words are uttered by the main bad character against whom Harry and the forces of good are battling. Wasn't there something in the Bible about not bearing false witness, chaps?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone DVD I purchased this DVD immediately after reading the book and enjoyed watching it. It follows the book pretty well, of course events were shortened or left out because of time constraints but overall, I enjoyed the movie and would recommend it.
Great Adventure The best person to see this movie is someone who wants to read the book but hasn't yet. Obviously a movie that's not 8 hours long never lives up to its book, but the parts they did use were done quite well enough that I don't regret paying seven bucks to see it in the theater. One of the best integrations of CGI I've ever experienced; of course the fact that the movie is a coloring book of a kid's fantasy tale kinda makes that easier. Just the same... If you're 22 like me, give or take a few years, and you loved Legend and The Dark Crystal and The Labyrinth and The Princess Bride and The Neverending Story, pretend you're a kid with a new VCR and you're momma or daddy just rented this for you. It's sure to be a classic in the same vein as those mentioned to the kids who are seeing it now!!
it was great to see the scene given more time and explanation In some places the extended scenes didn't add much to the movie & perhaps even took away from the impact of the overall scene. In other places, it was great to see the scene given more time and explanation. Worth renting if you don't own it.
great movie this is a fun filled movie with action and a lot of fun for the whole family. they did a great job with the special effects and relates a lot to the book. this is a must have for harry potter fans and for those who want to see a great movie.
Where the magic never ends. 15th april 2004. Harry potter 1 and 2 are both as good as each other, i can't wait for the next one to come out. Harry potter is all magic, it is one of the best films i have ever seen, the acting is great and the characters. ANYONE WOULD PROBABLY ENJOY IT.
my kids like it I really liked the books better. But...my kids love this movie. I thinks because they get to see other kids being heroes and having adventures. And of course, Harry and Co. are good role models, not perfect, but definetely the good guys.
BEST MOVIE EVER! This is SUCH a good movie! It follows the book closly without cutting so many parts and good characters! (Unlike Kavik....) They chose all the characters very well!!! I don't think any movie as close to this has so many special effects!
3 Stars after seeing it, 1 star after seeing Chamber. I left this movie when I first saw it thinking of how it was a "not bad" movie. Many of the parts of the book have been completely eliminated. The action night adventure entitled "The Midnight Duel" in the book was completely eliminated, and actually ruins the whole point of them being afraid of Filch. The scene with them rescuing the dragon was also completely eliminated. The scene in the Forbidden Forest was also shortened. Basically, once Harry reaches Hogwarts, there are very few BIG action scenes until the end. (I'll also add that that has less action than in the book.) Nothing has been done to the action scenes to make them acceptable movie action scenes. Many of the effects are completely unbelieveable. It is almost impossible to look at that Centaur, Voldemort, or that Quidditch match and not notice how fake everything looks. Nobody acting in this movie was doing their best, espechily Harris, who's performance lacked any of the humor described in the book, but I guess the director is more to blame for that. Columbus does such a better job in Chamber that this movie looks like a complete joke in comparrison. But it was cool to watch, to see the things come to life, the wizarding world come to life, so 3 stars. I received this DVD for free. Otherwise, I wouldn't have owned it. -----------------------------------------------------------------
Excellent service! This was the first time I had tried ordering something used on Amazon, and I couldn't be happier! The box is in great condition, considering that it can be hard to keep cardboard boxes in good condition... and the DVD plays perfectly!
Potter scores again. A wonderful adaption of the novel to film. Saw this at the theater when it first came out and enjoyed the whole experience. Have read all the books and think that the movie was well done; not to mention the cast's great performances.
HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERERS STONE VHS I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE CAPTURED THE GROWN UPS AS WELL AS THE CHILDREN. PLEASE E-MAIL ME AS SOON AS THE NEXT HARRY POTTER BOOK IS ON VHS MY E-MAIL EZ2ATTBI.COM THANK YOU, JAMES A. CAPSALIS
Brilliantly creative! Well written, inventive, creative and exciting even for adults. These books have been around for years, but when they first came out there were truly novel elements not previously seen. Even today they still are creative stories.
Great fun! Having read the books, I really looked forward to this movie. It did not disappoint! Not much more to say on that! I only had one problem with the dvd. There are so many special features that I cannot find the deleted scenes!
Great Harry Potter movie! I bought this originally for my wife for Christmas and we have watched it numerous times. I won't spend time talking about the details of the movie or anything like that. But it has some excellent casting and an excellent story.
Love Harry Potter Movies This is the first in the series. It starts everything off and explains why Harry is so gifted and special to Hogwarts. Follow him as he learns and grows in wisdom to evils around him. I bought this DVD to complete my series.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone VHS Movie looked and sounded just like what you see in the book. However, ALOT of things were left out. I know that if you put everything in the movie, moviegoers would be there for four hours. But that was what I was looking for!
Good the actual movie is good but to play the games you have to go to diagon alley and enter the answer to a puzzle sometimes it freezes when you aretrying to crack the code so do not buy this for the games because THE GAMES STINK!
The Book was better If I hadn't read the book first, I probly would have loved the movie, but as always, I read the book first. The special features are nice but I tend to by DVD's just for the qulity of the movie, not the "features."
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
I Loved It! Just like the book I've seen this movie 3 times now. I think it's very well done and the acting is great. Can't wait for the next movie and 5th book to come out. My son and I have a special time together when we read or watch Harry Potter.
This is a nice movie I think this movie has most of what the original book had. It's the harry potter book in a glowing box. I loved this movie. It might be one of the best harry potter movie out of all the harry potter movies I watched.
No Features Here Folks The long awaited Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone movie was well worth the wait. Sad to say, however, that the long awaited DVD was not. The Special Features amount to "theatrical trailers." Which is sad for a 2 disk set. I personally found the 2nd disk's "game" (which is what Disk 2 is) annoying. Unless you did everything right, you would not be allowed to advance. I can understand that the filmakers wanted to "expand" the harry potter world, and let kids roam freely. In which case why not make a PC game instead? why waste your money on making a DVD game, instead of providing the special features we have all come to expect and enjoy from DVD's? The only good thing about it is a 15min Interview with the filmakers which provides very little into the making of the movie. If you ask me, you're better off buying the Widescreen VHS or something than to waste your money on a 2 disk set with no features.
Very Good Although the movie was not completely true to the book, the adaption was very unique and well told. The acting could have been better but the amazing Quidditch scene made up for any losses in the movie itself. Amazing!
Wonderful Movie Even though I haven't read the books and really had little interest in going to the theater to see this movie, I'm glad my wife rented it. It was great, so great in fact that we bought the DVD. Buy it, it's worth it.
It's magical! This is a great movie.Daniel Radcliffe stars as Harry Potter and puts a spell on everyone in the world!The second movie is released and I'm waiting for the third one.Too bad they are not goin' to make the fourth one!
If you like Harry Potter, this is a no brainer This is a great series. The books and movies are all extremly well done. I got this for my 6 year old after we read the first book. It's a great addition to my HP library and I'm sure will be watched many times.
Harry Potter Movie Typical Harry Potter fantasy movie...bought it as a gift for a lover of these movies. She liked it...would have preferred the regular edition, but couldn't go back to it when browsing. Full screen worked well, too.
5 star movie w/a pain in the a** dvd I'd rate it higher, cause it was a wonderful movie. But the xtras are stupid and the navigation screens nearly made me scream. Talk about a pain! I just want to watch the damn movie not play stupid guessing games!
Harry Potter is amazing! I luved this movie, but I wouldn't have minded that they didn't cut it down ( a true Harry Potter fan would probably rather see a three hour totaly unabridged version than the abridged, but it was still amazing!
Does Justice to the Book As a big fan of the Harry Potter series, I was anxious to see the movie. Now I'm dying to see the next one! Fun for the whole family, over and over again!
Great Kids Movie! My kids are reading the Harry Potter book series and are enjoying them thoroughly. The movie is good but not as good as the book. Would recommend it to other families to view for pure family entertainment.
One of the best movies ever made. Fantastic movie. I have been waiting to show this to my oldest son for the longest time. I couldn't wait any longer. He's 5 years old and handled it great! Another generation of Harry Potter fans are hooked!
Harry Potter Sorcers Stone Ultiate Edition Another block buster in the franchise. As usual it is wonderful! Effects are TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!! I hope they continue the franchise like The Hobbit, Star Wars, Indianna Jones and others. No reason to stop!
Best Movie ever I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone is the best Movie ever. I love Harry Potter, and everything about it. I so wanted to be in the next movie, but I wasn`t that lucky. Oh well, Maybe next time!!
My first introduction I have not read the HP books, although I intend to now. This first movie was an excellent introduction and I loved the harry and his friends for their fresh acting. There is a real 'magic' to this movie.
A great movie from a great book. I have read the book, and the movie mostly follows it. There are a few slight differences though, but in general it was a great movie with flawless computer graphics and special effects. The only problem i had was that the movie was based in a place with english accents, and some word choice that might not be heard in the USA threw me off. Such as when Mr Dursely called the mail service "post", whereas in the USA we call it "mail". None the less, still very easy to follow, and they really did a great job with the Twist ending. Note: This movie is for kids and adults alike. ~hope this helps
Awesome Movie I really like Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. It is really cool and doesn't leave out important parts of the book. You should see it if you like: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
midget tribe of nee Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was the best movie i have ever seen. Drama and excitement together made this movie great. I saw it 4 times! I want to own this movie and watch it again and again.
Awesome Movie I really like Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. It is really cool and doesn't leave out important parts of the book. You should see it if you like: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Thumbs up to Harry Potter! Like most movies, I tended to like the original movie better than the sequels, although in the case of the Harry Potter movies, I loved them all! I can't imagine anyone not liking a Harry Potter movie!
Not as good as the books, but still excellent! It is really dissapointing that this movie does not contain the second Quiditch match against Hufflepuff and misses a lot of other elements of the book, but the movie is very beautiful and interesting.
Best Movie Night Ever A humorous, intriguing, and delightful movie to watch with my three grandchildren! I loved the moral teachings of courage, perseverance, and teamwork! We cannot wait to see the next Harry Potter movie!
Great Story This is the first of a series of very entertaining movies for the family. I look at the movies as something completely different then the books, which makes them both different and both enjoyable.
Love this better than all the rest my favorite out of the whole series who wouldn't love this movie loved it since i was 11 or 12 or longer now that i'm in my 20's i love it even more!
Great movie for all ages My 12 year old son read the book and now has watched the movie. We went to Universal Studios this summer and the Diagon Alley is just like the one in the movie. Fantastic story, actors, and scenery.
4**** Family entertainment Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Video:... Richard Harris Good family fun throughout. Ideal for the young witches and wizards of the house. 4**** Family entertainment
This DVD completes the Harry Potter set that we have The movie is great, would recommend it to a friend. It arrived in excellent condition and on time as described. I would choose the seller that I bought this DVD from again. Robert Gaskill
Best! Harry Potter is good & this one is the best because it is the first. I got it when I was supposed to & there was no problems with the blu ray. I would say people of all ages would enjoy this movie!
After all these years still a good movie Grandkids love it. Not to spoil the movie but my granddaughter read the book first and kept fussing about what was left out..lol Introduced my other two grandkids to the world of Happy Potter.
HUGE expectations to fill and this movie doesn't disappoint! Watching the world within this beloved series take life on the screen is just phenomenal! It is so well done! The cast is supreme. The magic is super fun to watch. We enjoyed every minute of it!!
Magical This film was excellent, the first time I saw it was in Australia and then again in American and the films were a little different, along with the titles. One for the whole family. Don't miss it.
Captures a young boys imagination ! Bought for my Grand-Son he enjoys it every time it is played. Great for the imagination and awe of a young boy. Especially since it is part of an ongoing story line. Recommend it highly as a gift !
3.6 stars from me. This is a pretty good adaptation of the first of the five Harry Potter books and for the most part it's pretty enjoyable. This movie is of a young boy named Harry Potter who lives with his mean-spirited relatives The Dursleys in Little Whinging after his parents were murdered and has live a hellish 11 years of his life under their mistreatment of him. Harry however, learns about his past and discovers the ability to create magic with the use of a wand and goes to a magic school called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and a whole new world awaits him. Harry learns that his parents were killed by an evil wizard named Lord Voldemort and now that he's returning, Voldemort is after a legendary artifact called the Sorcerer's Stone to give him eternal life. Harry Potter now has to stop Voldemort from getting ahold of the stone. This movie for the most part is really good but while it's good, it's kind of drags on a bit in places and is boring in some areas too but is a lot of fun. The sequel "The Chamber of Secrets" though is a lot better but this first one is a decent start.
Read the book then watch the movie. Just now started reading the books in order. When I finished reading the Sorcerer"s Stone I watched the movie and loved it. Can't wait till I finish the 2nd book so I can watch the next movie.
Five Stars best sale for this movie.
Great movie. Of course, the books are always better, but if I were you, I would read the book first and then buy the movie and watch it. This movie is good, you should buy it soon (if you don't have it yet).
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This is the video of the first book of the series and I have enjoyed it very much. I showed my daughter how good the series is. I had this on VHS but it doesn't work well so I wanted it on DVD.
A fantastic movie for kids and adults alike. This is a fantastic movie for kids and adults alike. What a fun story! The cast was perfect, and the amount of curiosity, suspense, fantasy and action was just right for a enjoyable family movie.
Great edition of the original screenplay Great quality HD version of the original movie release (and without the extra "deleted" scenes). We enjoyed watching it again. Good to see all the Harry Potter movies available on Fire.
Brings the book to life This movie is based on a book of the same name. My teenage son has been reading the books and said the movie was wonderful. He said that the movie brought " the feel"of the book to life.
Always an amazing movie to watch Always an amazing movie to watch. Our son just finished reading through the first book and we were sure we owned the movie, alas it was not part of our collection. Glad we could view it online!
Love everything about this movie Love everything about this movie! Special effects are great, characters, actors, actresses are wonderful. One of my favorite movies to watch after reading the book series with my grandchildren.
Our 4 year was very interested in seeing this after ... Our 4 year was very interested in seeing this after visiting the Universal theme park and we just looove this movie. Hoping he wants to read the books and see the other films as he gets older.
Harry Potter is the worlds greatest wizard. He has defeated fully trained and qualified ... Harry Potter is the worlds greatest wizard. He has defeated fully trained and qualified wizards since the age of 11. Harry Potter has significantly changed modern wizarding history. Thank you
great I'm a Harry Potter fan and I don't get tired of watching it. Movie is great, good quality sound. The only problem was that I bought the HD version and unfortunately that wasn't what I got. =/
really good. as everyone knows its a great story. i dont really like all the spell casting due to me being a christian but to be honest this is way better then so of the more evil storys being put out now
Still a great story. Series will be a generational classic Realizing I saw this in college on opening night for my birthday, then realizing how old I've gotten kinda gave me the feels. Still a great story. Series will be a generational classic.
great I just got HD flat screen TV and a Bluray player so I was able to look at all the Harry Potter films in this way. They all are delightful and visually quite a feast with this new technology.
The beginning is Best! After reading the first book, my daughter was so excited to watch the films! We both enjoyed being introduced to the film characters and were entertained and captivated from start to finish!
Lots of fun This family fun movie is full of laughs and adventure. The book is better (but it always is). It stands out with awesome characters that takes your imagination on the most magical ride ever.
Stays quite close to the books I thought this movie stayed quite close to how I had envisioned the adventures of Harry. There is a truly marvelous cast in this one, and the sneering Alan Rickman is worth a rent on its own
Harry Potter Rules!!! I love this movie. The special effects are great. It's even better because all the actors are really British. I've love the way the directer stays true to the books. That is a plus for sure.
Love the first two movies. love the first two Harry Potters. They are a lot like the book, and the only things they changed were things that I felt they had to to make it a movie. Read the books then watch the movies!
Classic start to a timeless series The movie is a fun adventure that is great for all ages. Particularly fun for young kids, but you can definitely watch it as a family film. Can get tiring after the first few times, though.
Easy to dowload My kid is reading the books . We easily downloaded the movie and he loves watching it on his ipad! We also downloaded the amazonvideo app on the xbox , so we can watch the movies on the tv.
What more can I say EXTREAMLY WONDERFUL story. Its engaging and fun. I highly reccomend it and the books are even better. Great story thats up there with The Wizard of Oz and the Chronicals of Narnia.
Harry Potter (First movie) I think I love the two first movies of the Harry potter series the best. I have all but the Deathly Hallows Part 2. Each one I recieved arrived in a timely manner, in very good condition.
love it I choose this rating cuz for one thing I love harry potter movies and to they are just really good movies. I love everything about this movie and I would recommend this movie for everyone.
Harry Potter You'll needed to try it l loved the movie l love everything on my Amazon Fire HD tablet and Amazon.com. I love to look and shop on Amazon.com Thanks again. Love, Patty Thilman
A wonderful movie based on a wonderful book Let me say quickly that I loved the book. And that I love the movie just as much, which is a lot from me considering that I often find movie adaptations to be inferior to the books they were taken from. Emma Watson is an amazing actress; and Daniel Radcliffe looks the part of Harry. But there were also some longtime screen favorites who did an excellent job as well, particularly Alan Rickman as the creepy Professor Snape, Richard Harris as Dumbledore, and Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagal. The scene that sticks out in my mind is the scene towards the end when Harry and Ron have to play chess in order to make it through. Its tense and scary, but I always wonder, "Are they going to make it out in the end?" Of course they do, but thats what this movie is about: suspense. The special effects in this movie are spectacular. I don't agree with those who say that the Harry Potter books are an instrument of Satan. Its really a harmless movie which encourages people (kids and adults) to have imaginations- not commit violent acts.
... the hype and trailers I thought I would not like Harry Potter in the least From all the hype and trailers I thought I would not like Harry Potter in the least. To my surprise, I found it totally enjoyable. It has it's flaws, but what movie doesn't? Good show.
Very entertaining, I was the only one who had ... Very entertaining,I was the only one who had not read the book ... But everyone else was very engaged . When young daughter finishes book2, we will watch it. Hope she will hurry now!
Best series ever 5 stars of course!! I've been watching Harry Potter since I was 7. I am now 19. Best series ever. Also it's so close to the books which is always a plus! I will always be a potterhead :-)
Harry Potter Wow I loved this movie it was delightful and i'd see it again and againa and so on. It was great for all ages. Even people who did'nt like Harry Potter enjoyed it. Thats how great it was
As advertised, a Harry Potter movie It was pretty good, but I had the VHS of the same movie. I only bought this to 'round out' my 'collection' of Harry Potter movies on DVD (Blue-Ray is just too expensive and unnecessary).
Fun film! Beautiful to watch, fun special effects, great casting...I love the books and think the film makers did a pretty good job here...cheers for Harry & friends...the DVD is really nice...
Great Movie This movie is so entertaining I can watch it 100 times more, it's just fun and easy going It will help you spend more than 2 hours entertained and enjoying a pleasant movie for everyone!
A Movie better than the Book? People love to tell how the book was always "so much better than the movie!" I don't really think it matters how good the book or the movie are, people are just so afraid to say they enjoyed any movie more. Well, I enjoyed this movie more than the book. This is probably because I saw the movie first, which means that when I think on all those feelings of excitement and worry, I remember the movie. For the purists, who love to pick apart any difference between the movie and the book (and judge the movie's version to be worse, regardless of whether it is), there are plenty of little changes to keep them occupied (and give them hours upon hours whiney conversation topics). But, for those of you who love a great story, you will not be disappointed. This is an excellent movie with all the important moments from the book nicely bound in to a 2+ hour movie. It is so well done that if you see it before you read the book, you may like it more, too. Don't bother renting, it's just wasting 3 bucks (You'll end up buying it anyway).
We loved it! True to the book and very engaging We loved it! True to the book and very engaging. Some of the conversations can be hard to understand, more due to sound than to accent. Some scenes too scary for children under 9 or 10.
Classic Movie from the Present Loved the book so I had to watch the movie over again. All the magic starts here and it's just the beginning to a whole new experience if you intend to see all the sequels that follow.
Must watch. Family friendly! The start to one of the greatest movie franchises of all time. Do you really need my review to convince you to watch it? Amazing movie. Amazing series. Good for all ages. Watch it!
VERY GOOD MOVIE!!!!!!! THIS HARRY POTTER MOVIE IS AS GOOD AS THE REST OF THE MOVIES. MYSELF I RATHER READ THE BOOKS FIRST THEN WATCH THE MOVIE. I RECOMMEND ANYONE WHO LIKES HARRY POTTER TO BUY ALL THE DVD'S.
Excellent Movie!!! This is a great movie!! It's way better than the book! I highly reccomend reading the book first then watching the movie! You'll be able to watch it 50 times and you'll still like it!!
Awful transmission Of course the movie is a classic. However, Amazon's transmission (streaming) was not up to par. Parts of the movie were fuzzy. The last 15 minutes had buffering problems.
Harry Potter Lives 4-Ever! :) Masterpiece of a film. Period. And if you need any more convincing...take a look at the films that follow and see how they all come from this one perfectly. My...what a great film. :)
new discoveries i've seen this movie many years ago when it first came out, but upon watching it again i was able to find a lot of hidden devices within the movie--not a bad adaptation of the book!
Harry Potter I love the ultimate edition of years 1 & 2. I don't know why the rest of the years can't have the longer versions. When and IF they do, I'll replace the ones I have with those ones.
J.K. Rowling's first book as a movie The movie is not able to encompass all the things that happen to Harry in and out of Hogwart's Academy but the video is able to hold your interest and will intrigue you nonetheless.
Great movie I think Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone Is a great movie. I read the book and then watched the movie and felt they did a great job of following the book. Loved it. Aanika
so much fun I am 65 years old and this is the first time for me to see any of the H. P. movies. It's so great to watch a thriller show full suspense and NO foul language or excessive violence.
Five Stars Everything as described
Always a great movie Can't go wrong with Harry Potter, something about Harry Potter and Christmas go together, perhaps its the hours and hours of free time i have cuddling up inside away from the snow!
The First and the Best! This continues to be my favorite Harry Potter book and movie. Well written, well acted. I wish Ms. Rawlings would write another sequence with the children of the main characters.
It's always better to read the book It's always better to read the book, Hermione Granger, but as books made into movies, this one is still a great show and stands alone without having read it first. Enjoy the movie!
Excellent movie Great to watch after reading the book. Some loading problems encountered on amazon website though Kids loved the movie regardless Moving on to the second book and movie!
Love the movie Love the movie! Streaming needs to be improved - it seems to freeze for a split second every so often. I don't think it's my internet since I don't have this problem with Netflix.
On Edge of my seat! This was such a wonderful movie for my grand kids and me too! We all loved it so much. It was fast paced to keep the little ones watching and great effects. It was enjoyed by all.
What is there to say? It's Harry Potter. Well made flight of fancy. Looking for a deeper issue? Light up Discovery or History or Bio. This is strictly entertainment and it does it very, very well!
Fabulous! We watched this after reading the book with my daughter. It was great! Fabulous! Loved it! Can't wait to finish the second book with her so that we can watch the second movie!
Absolutely Awesome! My child is a huge Harry Potter fan Absolutely Awesome! My child is a huge Harry Potter fan. She has read all the books twice! We hae watched the series and they all stay true to the books. Will not disappoint!
Love the movie! My daughter got this from me for Christmas. It was the perfect gift for her, and it completed our set of Harry Potter movies. Would recommend the book and the seller to anyone.
It's our favorite of the series We've watched this movie so many times. It's our favorite of the series, everything is new and magical. Even for adults it's like walking into an enchanted world of imagination.
They did pretty well considering most movies are never as good or ... After reading all the books I wanted to see how the movies stacked up. They did pretty well considering most movies are never as good or even close to being as good as the book.
Harry Potter The Harry Potter series in movie form all closely follow the books and are for the most part well done. The last three are particularly 'dark' both visually and metaphorically.
Oh, little Harry! SO much fun to go back and see Harry all young and vulnerable and living in his cupboard under the stairs again. Revisiting the whole series in order and thoroughly enjoying it.
Those extra minutes are added and make a difference recommended viewing Those extra minutes make all the difference, well worth viewing and adding to your Amazon Library. Recommended worth watching again with the extended version. Highly recommended
harry potter and the sorcerer's stone this was [a great] movie it was just like the book in all aspects expeasaly quidditch. that was cool. this movie was the best movie i ever seen thats parcally close the book.
Magical Beginning This movie was a great adaptation of the novel. The characters are wonderfully brought to life by the actors. A perfect introduction to Rowling's wizard world and Harry Potter.
Good stuff for kids My children loved it, and there was enough to keep me interested as well. We will soon be watching the rest of the series, and best of all, my son can't wait to read the books.
Love it! I'm a big Harry Potter fan and ... Love it! I'm a big Harry Potter fan and I have never seen some of those scenes before in the extended version. It tied the film even closer to the book. Always a good classic!
great family movie Instant classic, wonderful adaptation of the book. Moves quickly, filled with memorable characters. Excellent cinematography and sound quality. Charming movie for ages above 8
Love this movie!!! Our family loves Harry Potter! I just introduced my 7 yr old to the magical world and hr loves it too!! I may hold off on the next ones since they do get darker and scarier.
... chose to watch immediately after reading so it felt like an unnecessarily long recap Very true to the book but I chose to watch immediately after reading so it felt like an unnecessarily long recap. again great movie just a wait a while after reading to watch
A wonderful classic Such a good movie! I enjoyed as a child and my boys really like it too! Not too scary for my 7 year old- he does not like anything scary but loves the 1st Harry Potter movie!
Great Movie! The Harry Potter movies are no disappointment to the books. The only thing this DVD is missing is special features, but I suppose in 2000 they weren't quite doing those yet.
a great addition to the phenomenon This is a wonderful must-have for any Harry Potter fan. I enjoyed the extras on the DVD-ROM very much. Most DVDs extras are worthless, but this one's enhance the experience.
Great Start I always liked this movie the best out of the series i guess because it introduces you to so much. Great start to a new adventure if you haven't seen it which i can't image.
VHS replacement I'm upgrading my VHS collection, but what's more to say about the Harry Potter movies. They're great. Story, characters, fx, etc. can't be beat. A fantasy fans must have.
GREAT MOVIE!!!!! This movie definitely lives up to the Harry Potter book. The movie stays true to the books and helps you visually to. The actors fit the descriptions of the book very well.
love the movie I love the the first movie because in my opinion, its the closest to the book. Great quality. Love being able to have this movie anywhere I go with an internet connection.
not bad These movies will appeal most to those who read the books, and reading the books will help you understand what's going on (which isn't a great thing to say about a movie).
Can't find deleted scenes. i gave it 4 stars cause it was great and all but i can't find the deleted scenes. i preodered it and got it sat. and have been looking for the deleted scenes ever since.
Great as a Spanish language learnihg tool Bought this actually to help improve my kids Spanish. They know the story inside out so it was great to see them enjoy watching the Spanish version. - subtitles help too.
forget the digital copy... The movie isn't really that much different from the extended version. The box is kind of nice, but unless you have it out where people can see, what does that matter? I got this for two reasons: 1) It was supposed to have lots of new scenes, and 2) the digital copy. The "new scenes" are okay. Most seem to be the deleted scenes and such from other versions of the movie I already had. The digital copy is a bust. I received the DVDs on the very day they expired, but the system still would not let me download them. I emailed customer service, and got a completely unsatisfactory answer. Basically, if you want their digital copy, don't count on them to give it to you. I now had a useless DVD in a pretty box sitting on a shelf where nobody can see it unless they to looking for it. Was it worth the money? Probably not. Unless, that is, you feel like you have to collect everything. But don't think you are getting a "deal" when you get it.
Our First This was our first experience with the Harry Potter series.. we all fell in love with the characters, esp. Harry, Ron and Hermione.. what a wonderful cast of characters.
harry potter 2nd movie i loved the 2nd movie! it stayed loyal to the book i did miss some parts like nerly headless nick's party. but i liked it non the less! i truly recommend it!
Perfect movie! Not for the very young but for every age after! This is a magical movie based on a book that ignited millions of children to pick up giant books and read them! It is a classic and anyone can watch it and fall in love!
Great family movie It's a great family movie that brings me back to when I was a kid and watched it. It has great mystery and adventure that you won't expect unless you have read the book.
I love this film I love this film. We went to another server to finish it. The buffering time was frustrating! I don't know if it was our wifi, or what. No problem with the other server
The Magic Begins This is where the magic began, the first Harry Potter film. This series will never go out of style! I have watched this so many times I can quote it all the way through!
Good Movie This is a good movie. My kids are reading the books and so when they are even more interested in watching the movies now. Both the books and movies are good. 5 stars
Second Time's the Charm This is the second DVD I purchased. I misplaced my first copy -- well, it is probably hiding to avoid being played too much. Love ALL the Harry Potter books and movies.
Amazing!! simply amazing! is a new way of seeing and experiencing the world of Harry Potter! Anyone who is a fan of Harry Potter should have the ultimate edition of the films!
10/10 would recommend. read the books too a classic film. full of adventure, magic, and friendship. always a thrill to return to Hogwarts. thank you JK Rowling. 10/10 would recommend. read the books too. thx.
Great Quality Streaming! We're starting the HP marathon that the Lady wanted to start. I didn't want to watch it on regular old DVD so we got the HD version of it for streaming. It was great!
Great for families! Great movie for families to enjoy older kids & for the adults too!! Enjoy the whole movie series & the Harry Potter books too! My 11 year old has read them all!
Watching again through son's first experience with Harry Potter. Great movie! I have seen it many times, and could watch again and again. Recently, discovering Harry Potter books and movies again through my 9 year old. He loves it!
Four Stars Pretty good kid movie
Nice DVD My daughter complained about this movie because it wasn't EXACTLY like the book. I found it to be a fun movie from start to finish. Nice DVD package with lots to do.
Got the HP bug After listening to the HP audio books, I decided to watch all the movies. Amazon rental was perfect because it gives me a 48 hour window to watch my rental. Love it!
movie review What a great film. I really like the special edition and extras. I liked how well the character building was done, which can be hard to do with a book adaptation.
The Books and Movies are Awesome! What can I say, It is Harry Potter. What kid doesn't love all of the books and the movies? My niece is hooked... She is actually re-reading the books once again...
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is awesome! I own the Harry Potter DVD and I have to tell you it's awesome. I'm 35, love the books, and even love the movie. It's a fun wild ride that you ought to check out.
Harry Potter rocks! Harry Potter and the Philosopher's(Sorcerer's as in America)Stone was the coolest movie I had ever seen.I've read the book before I saw the movie but I enjoyed the movie more 'cos if I had to read anything it would probably be the subtitles(my sister alays puts them on and it's sooo annoying) and not the whole script instead(i hate reading).The one thing I don't understand why people say that Harry Potter teaches children witchcraft and that it worships the devil.Does anyone undertsand that 'cos I certainly don't.Harry Potter just has all the things that us kid could imagine and I don't think us children would worship the devil(we can't anyway,he doesn't exist).But anways,Harry Potter was a great movie and the rest of the HP movies will be just as great :) (that is...unless they have to get some other people to play the part of draco,ron,or harry since tom,rupert,and dan are getting older.especially tom)
5 stars I have to say i loved the DVD, if u don't have it u should get it. It is most definately worth the price. The 2nd disc is OK but, the movie disc is a 5 star disc!
Amazing! Harry Potter is an amazing movie. The book inside the DVD is also wonderful! I really love the books and the movie and this Box is something that I really wanted!
Magical to view The video quality was excellent, and streaming was uninterrupted. It does take a little longer to load, but the quality of the images more than makes up for that.
So exciting and a wonderful story of friendship and loyalty This was viewed with a friend that had not seen any of the Potter movies. As always this was a hit. So exciting and a wonderful story of friendship and loyalty.
Great Movie! This movie is as great as book is according to my son. He is 10 and just finished first book. I am looking forward to see other Harry Potter movies with my kids.
Pure magic! HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE is nothing but pure magic! We are as amazed as Harry is as we are introduced to the wizard world like never before with eye-popping special effects, a story that NEVER becomes the least bit boring, and a GREAT adaptation of a marvelous novel! It's also got some of the best child actors I've ever seen! So, yeah, it may be long, bit it's so good you just don't want it to end!!! I remember when I saw it in the theater and when it was over, I said to my girlfriend, "That was so short!" So, if you want a taste of nothing but magic, suspense, great acting and a great story, DEFINATELY SEE THIS!
Great I love this movie but I love the other stuff that came with it. The book was great to add to the whole movie. The cards are another great part of the collection.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The beginning, how Harry was left with his aunt & uncle, his introduction to Rubeus Hagrid and meeting the lovely Hermione Granger and the stalwart Ron Weasley.
Harry Potter- The Sorcerers Stone Once again an enjoyable adventure through the medium of film about Harry Potter's never ending search for fulfilment of his dream for completion of his mission.
Different version sent The version that was sent in response to my order was "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," not the "Sorcerer's Stone" version advertised.
Again Harry Potter As I said with the other extended Harry Potter movie. There are a few added scenes that really don't add to the movie itself, but is still a good watch anytime.
I love the series of books and movies I love the series of books and movies, but this one was a bit slow. But little Ron Weasley is adorable and I loved seeing their acting when they were so young.
We love Harry Potter We as a family love all of the Harry Potter movies. We notice something new and different every time we watch.No complaints on movie or purchasing transaction.
yes! I bought this just for the bonus material. I love it. I think that every DVD should include a lot of bonus material. Sometimes it's the best part of the Movie.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The movie held true to the book, which I thought was impressive. Although a lot of the smaller details were left out, I can understand due to the over all length of the movie. But there were enough major events included, that someone who hasn't read the books, could follow the events. The movie and all the special effects presented were amazing. The time went by so fast and really kept you involved with the story line. I do wish more of the childrens inter play and conversations were seen. As this reconfirms and helps define each character. In some ways, the special effects over shadowed the characters at times. But I wouldn't miss any of the future movies. Each of the characters are beautifully played and come to life before your eyes. Just as you picture them while reading the book. The costumes, sets and special effects really helped you connect with the story line.
Excellent movie for children and parents I realize this is not a movie on the scale of Star Wars or The Lord of the Rings; it is, however, a very good movie for families to view together. There are not many of those around anymore. The younger actors are new to acting and yes you can tell and some say the scenes are quick but who really goes to a movie to disect it. I went with my 12 yeard old daughter who loved it and the books. She didn't care that the performances weren't Academy Award material. All she cared about was that the movie was very close to the book and it was very entertaining. I myself have seen the movie twice and read all four books. I also have to say that anything that get children back on the road to reading is an instant hit with me. I have never seen my daughter read likes she reads those books. She has also started reading other similar books that she never would have even thought about before.
Amazing! This is an exceptional movie based on a classic piece of literature. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about friendship, loyalty and values.
Harry Potter is Magical We own the entire series and had this in VHS. We had to have it to match out the set in DVD's. Awesome to watch these kids grow from the beginning to the end.
Love it! Finally decided to watch Harry Potter and it's fantastic! I can't wait to purchase the other movies in the series and watch the characters and storyline grow.
Harry Potter is always wonderful, but... Advertised as a "Special Extended Version." Didn't see anything special or extended. Still...it's Harry Potter. It's always good to go back to the beginning.
great movie! this movie was great! but it has deleted some parts of the book like the midnight duel and some other things but otherwise it is a great movie for the family
Very good depiction of the book Very good depiction of the book, but is missing minor details. Also the effects are a little dated, but overall a very enjoyable movie for the whole family.
Good Movie good acting Good screenplay Great special effects great casting the best childrens book ever written for adults and a movie for everyone.
rumors are true It really is a great read, a little sci-fi and a basis on true conflicts of decision making. For a juniors read, adults can be just as addicted to the series
Classic Magic, charm and originality Great movie everyone must see. In league with the wizard of oz of you ask me. I just wish the audio and video weren't out of sync when streaming from Amazon.
It works This was a replacement for a dvd that didn't work, so that is why I purchased it. For some reason the original disc would not play in any of my dvd players.
Good Movie for a First-Grader Just watched this again with my 6-year old son and it was fun to watch it together. Not too scary and interesting enough to keep a young person's attention.
Amazing & Funny It was a lot like the book. It had a lot of action and suspense. Great acting and really good special effects! A great movie for an even better book.
"I won't be wronged, I won't be insulted, and I won't be laid a hand on. I don't do these things to other people and I require "I won't be wronged, I won't be insulted, and I won't be laid a hand on. I don't do these things to other people and I require the same from them."
Charming film This is just a great family film. Just enough danger to keep the kiddos on the edge of their seats and a lovely parable about kindness, family, and karma.
Great way to start our visit to Universal Studios with ... Great way to start our visit to Universal Studios with daughter and great grand daughter 8 yrs old. Another generation may still have Harry to grow up with
It's Harry Potter How can anyone not like Harry Potter. The kid who doesn't know that he is a powerful wizard. The books are better than the movies, but both are fantastic.
Harry Potter :) Purchase quickly on Amazon Prime via PS3, the quality was low at first but it came through very clear after a few minutes. I enjoyed all the little extras.
Classic Movie Was as expected and described- timely shipment. As always, package was complete. Price was very competitive, as always. Would recommend buying dvds here
Harry Potter blueray this did not meat the true standards of blue ray we are use to with the extra playing features but the blue ray does make the movie much more fun to watch.
Hooked!! After all these years I finally rented the Harry Potter Movie and watched it with my grandson. After doing so, I bought the DVD series. I am now hooked.
Streaming is terrible quality. Very fuzzy Streaming is terrible quality. Very fuzzy! I don't know if it's my internet speed or what, it doesn't really stop to load it, it's just very poor quality.
The beginning of my Harry Potter Adventures! This movie was just the beginning of the Harry Potter sagas. It captivated my interest and I couldn't wait for the next movie. It was true to the book!!
i love the fast service and high quality This was the only DVD that was missing from my sister's collection. She was very surprised when she received it. i love the fast service and high quality!
One Star The "buy it now" streaming quality was very poor. Very disappointing!
Great movie Love the books, love the movies. Great story about courage and friendship. And It was easy to rent on Amazon...and cheaper than renting through Mediacom.
YES I do LOVE it. I HAVE read all of HARRY Potter books,( each book I read three times) AND also LOTS times I watch one of Harry Potters movies. YES I do LOVE it.
Great movie! Great movie that my daughter loves to watch constantly!!! My daughter has read the whole series and the movies have made the books come alive even more.
Simply Magical ! What can one say about one of the biggest BlockBuster of 2001 ? Let me tell you this......... Spellbound, simply Magical, and always refreshing.
Cute talented kids... good story... good special effects This movie had me saying awww... these kids are cute and talented. The story is good and the visuals really brings the story and the HP world to life.
Great Movies All of the Harry Potter movies are great and I have the whole set, I didn't think Harry Potter was going to be good, but after first movie I was hooked
Good movie, keeps the kids occupied! This was an addition to my Bluray collection, and a great movie. The price I was able to get it at made it even better! I highly recommend this movie!
Ok I think that the movie was good but they missed out on tons of cool stuff! They missed lots of good Fred and George jokes. I loved the show though!
Magical I mean it's Harry Potter... Who doesn't love a Harry Potter flick. It's funny to watch the first films in the series and see how young the actors look.
Love Harry Potter books and the entertaining way these audiobooks ... Love Harry Potter books and the entertaining way these audiobooks are read is creating a whole new generation of fans in my 8 and 9 year old daughters.
nice movie i have watched this several times and enjoyed every bit of it. so nice to the all the harry potter stars so young when they started their film careers.
We couldn't really enjoy the movie as it kept stopping This movie was received on time but when we played the movie it skipped and stopped frequently! We couldn't really enjoy the movie as it kept stopping.
Great way to bring the characters to life! Our family has been reading the series, and this was a great introduction to the characters! If you like/love the books, you won't go wrong with these!
Great movie! Loved watching this with my 9-year old who read the book. I cannot wait to see the other movies with her as she progresses through reading the series.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Prime video library purchase Absolutely wonderful. ....truly captivating! The first of 8 wonderful films. It could be my favorite of all Potter films based on it being the first.
Great movie, never had any interest in watching them ... Great movie, never had any interest in watching them when they first come out, my girls were young and we never watched them but it was a great movie.
Excellent film Wonderful on all accounts. Acting, storyline, cinematography, creativity, suspense, all quite excellent, like the other films in the series. LOVED it.
Good movie This was a very good movie. The kids loved that it was very much like the books. I would recommend it to anyone who would like to watch a funny movie.
Addicting Series First one...can't wait to see the rest! Can't put the books down... Brilliant author, really addictive reading, talented and entertaining!!!
GREAT! It came on time and I'm collecting all of them so I just loved it! the case was really well protected and the disc was in perfect conditions as well!
Awesome Well, it's the first Harry Potter, ever. So of course it's awesome. Key and essential for if you are starting the series and have not read the books.
I very much enjoyed this one and am looking forward to seeing the ... I'm finally watching movies on Prime now that I have the Fire Stick. I very much enjoyed this one and am looking forward to seeing the rest of them.
A Wonderful Adaption From the Novel The movie Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone was a wonderful movie for all ages. The director was able to make this movie a big hit while still remaining faithful to the author's vision.The cast in the movie did a very good jog of acting. This movie is definatly a movie for all ages! Honestly, at first when I heard about the Harry Potter book, I wasn't really interested in reading, thinking it was a book for kids. Once I saw the trailer for the movie, I knew it was a movie I had to see! After seeing the movie I got hooked on the books, and now it is up on my shelf of favorite books! This movie is not one that you will be bored of easily, it has it's shares of surprising turns. So if you haven't seen the movie, I highly recommend you to buy the DVD,one that will become many people's favorite movie's of all time.
Love it. I let my kids read the book and then let them watch the movie. They loved it. It was close to the book and it got them interested in the next book.
Very good and true to the story I read the books years ago, but never saw the movies. My daughter just finished the book so I watched it with her. Very good and true to the story.
Great Film Enjoyed it very much! Beautifully filmed, loved the characters and acting. So true to the book, I am looking forward to watching it again some day!
Made a believer out of me Before Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone came out on video/DVD I could not stand the sight or sound of Harry Potter. To be honest I could not stand the name. So when it came out on video/DVD I rented it to see what the hype was all about. Now four months later I own the movie (which I bought the same day I rented it). I have sence bought all four books and read each twice and am on the third time reading them. I cant wait for book five to come out and for the next movie. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is an awesome movie. It is just like the book it keeps you going till the very end. The movie however, just brings it to life even more. The entire cast is totally aweosme and the special affects are awesome to. This is a MUST OWN MOVIE!!! I highly recomend it to anyone with an imagination.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I was hooked on the books the first time I picked one up about 2 years ago. I think I looked foreward to the movie coming out at least as much, if not more, than my children. I was not disappointed. I have listened to "experts" talk about how disappointing it was to have the movie follow the book. I watched the movie hoping and expecting it to follow the book. The book was the reason I wanted to see the movie. The direction and the acting was wonderful. Everyone did what I went to see the move for--they brought the book to life. I am sorry that some people couldn't accept the movie for what it was - a vastly entertaining, exciting, and magical 2 1/2 hours. I can't wait for it to come out on video, and am certainly looking foreward to The Chamber of Secrets coming out. (As well as the 5th book!)
Doesn't match the book but still up there. The scorcerers stone has been stolen! that's what the book said and that's what this movie said. I really didn't actually enjoy this movie but it was still quite entertaining. It is a fantasy about a boy wizard who goes to school to learn magic. Based on Rowlings bestselling books Harry potter's first adventure reaches sky high. When I had read the book but hadn't seen the movie I didn't know how Warner bothers were going to create an actual Quiddich match but they still did it with prestige effort. the movie had no romanical aspects and the comedy was escruciatingly dry. I think Warner bros. should have put even more effort into the acting in the movie but the special effects were pleasing. Luxembugh ratings believes this movie deserves three stars for the poor acting but all other flaws are miniscule.
Fun to watch again....! Family film for all, thanks JK! Makes you want to watch the whole series and relive Harry's adventures.. Good social commentary on discrimination.
Not satisfied with purchase Bad quality image, I'd rather pay a little more for a better quality. I didn't even finish watching it. Hopefully some kind of improvement happens
we all enjoyed watching this movie. My family and I have enjoyed watching Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone over and over again! We plan on watching all the Harry Potter movies.
Positive Kept my interest. Animation was good and the actors believable. Maggie Smith great as always. Didn't like paying for it since I'm a prime member.
Not bad for a kids book Suprised how closely the movie follows the book. Quite enjoyed it. Watched each movie again after reading each book. Would definately recommend
Classic This is the happiest of the Potter films, and the child-actors are really good. This is a great gift to start someone's addiction to Harry Potter.
Awesomeness It was amazing!! This was the 1st Amazon movie I have ever boughten and it was worth every penny! One of my favorite Harry Potter movies! BUY IT!!
Great I couldn't find this movie anywhere else for the price that I paid for it. Came brand new and worked perfectly. I was really happy with the movie.
yes the shipment came in expected time and was in great shape when it got here there was no scratches on the used dvd and is in great shape thank you.
excellent directing. This movie was VERY well-made (which is easier when the book is so well-written!). Superb casting and acting, excellent directing ... just GREAT.
Wonderful alternative to the violent movies! My 11 year old grandson and I watched together. He really "got into" the movie. So much that he wanted to watch the next one right away..
Completing my collection Good price, speedy delivery. Trying to complete the series so I can watch them in order and perhaps understand them as well as my grandson does.
Like New The movies were in great condition and played without a glitch. I'm just glad I have this movie. I've watched so many times since I've gotten it.
Surprisingly Good I didn't think I would like the Harry Potter series at all, but they have all pleasantly surprised me so far (to date, I've seen the first four)!
Love the Harry Potter series Love the Harry Potter series, and I love the fact that I didn't have to buy the DVD's. I don't have to worry about scratches or replace the dvd.
Still a Joy to Watch I know the later Harry Potter movies are much deeper and have stronger story lines. But this one is my favorite Why? Because it has the wonder
Come On Who doesn't like Harry Potter. The books are more detailed but the movies are wonderful. They do a great job bringing most of the book to life
great show So I am one of the few people who hadn't seen Harry Potter... great show... saw all of them in 3 day period starting with this one... I loved it
What a great seller! My item arrived faster than I expected, and it was also in great condition! I am very satisfied and I would recommend this seller to everyone!
Excellent casting The movie.could not possibly include all the book details.However, the main elements were very well done - and the special effects outstanding.
Great DVD We upgraded our VHS to the DVD version and received it quickly. Would recommend this product to others. My daughters are big Harry Potter fans.
good movie looking forward to the next in the series Watched this with my 12 year old daughter who is a huge fan and has watched it many times. Very good I will watch the next in the series soon!
Great movie, bad streaming The movie is great but the streaming service is not nearly as good as Netflix. Next time I cannot find a movie in Netflix I will find a redbox.
Love this movie! Love this movie! The kids hadn't seen it in years! Even though they have seen all the HP movies and read the books, the magic was still there!
Not the best Potter film in the Series, but a great start Enjoyable film version of the book that started it all. The kids have great chemistry with each other and the adult British cast is top notch.
Excellent This product will not disappoint the buyer - everything you hope for on the DVD. I recommend it to everyone who loves the Harry Potter story
Harry Potter and the Sorcerecer's Stone. The WHOLE family sat and watched it. IT was an awesome movie! The movie still did the book justice!GLAD WE OWN IT! especially my 11 year old!
Good movie My son is 8 and we are starting these movies with him. We are going to universal studios next summer so he will love Harry potter area there!
It was ok and fun to watch but I saw so many parodies of ... It was ok and fun to watch but I saw so many parodies of older shows which was just mildly disappointing. I thought it was well done though.
Good Movie, Terrible DVD First off, please note that this is a review of the DVD itself; not the movie. The movie is good, and might as well have been a few bucks cheaper and sold as one disk. Why? Because the second disk was apparently designed by some sadistic idiot. The box promises seven deleted scenes, something everyone that buys a DVD wants to see. Trouble is, you can't just click on a "Deleted Scenes" menu; you have to play some silly game! Rather like playing Myst or some puzzle game, and only when you're done do you get to see the deleted scenes. I didn't even bother to finish trying; I just put the 2nd disk back in the box, and there it will stay until I tire of this DVD and sell it. All in all, a staggeringly poor way to format bonus features; shame on WB for doing this.
I have always loved this movie I have always loved this movie. Harry Potter is fantastic. If you cant appreciate the greatness of this film then just stop watching movies.
I LOVE HARRY POTTER I have not read any of the Harry Potter books, but all eight movies are VERY good! I suggest watching them. This played well on my laptop.
Harry! I love Harry Potter, and the digital version means I don't have to mess with DVDs anymore. I can watch the digital version whenever I want.
Harry Potter What needs to be said about the Harry Potter series. I bought this on Blu-ray for my grandkids for Christmas. I am sure they will love it.
Loved watching Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone The HD quality is a must ! Loved watching Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone. Brought me back to my childhood. Thrilling and adventurous !
My favorite of the HP movies This was the first and best in the series. The acting is wonderful. The story is genuine. And the special effects do not overtake the story.
Harry Potter - Just Read the Book One day, I was home sick and I was perusing my bookshelf for something to read when I ran across this book. As a side note, the book made it to our shelf because a friend is a teacher and was reading it to her sixth grade class. The book was a very fast read and was good enough to make you imagine the characters as being very real. The movie did a great job portraying the book and followed the plot almost to the letter. The characters were quite real but the effects were just blah. The movie could use a little spicing up.
Great Movie! The kids really enjoyed this movie. The kids ages range from 7 to 11. We are looking into the second one because they all want to see it!
Fantastic! Harry Potter books were my favorites and the movies really follow the stories which is unusual. I am so happy to have purchased this movie.
Harry Potter Great movie. Very entertaining. Would highly recommend it. But it might be scary for young children. It had enough suspense for my 10 year.
Perfect! Another great edition to anyone's DVD library. Tons of extras, documentaries, character cards and booklets make this a worthwhile purchase!
fun It is nice to see how this series started. The series got so dark, losing the mystical and the surprise that made this movie so enjoyable.
Great!!! This movie is awesome. I did notice a few parts od the book that was left out but for tge most part it stayed true to the book. Love it!!!!
Still a great movie and it was nice to revisit the beginning ... We watched this movie before visiting the Universal Studios park, Still a great movie and it was nice to revisit the beginning of the story
Best movie ever My five-year-old says "I love this movie, it's the best movie I ever watched!" He is so excited for watching the next movie in the series.
Great! Waited till I had kids old enough to watch/understand this movie before I watched it myself. Can't wait to get into the rest of the series!
Harry Potter and The Philosopher's Stone The DVD was phenomenal. I had no idea that this movie was made in two different versions until I found it on this website. Great stuff!!!
Harry Potter, when is the fame going to end? That answer may be difficult to answer. All material things have a end, and for Harry Potter I do not see it's end any time soon. I am deeply awaiting the arrival of this DVD because I am a great fan and have been waiting forever to enjoy this movie. It kept faithfull to J.K. Rowling and for that I rate it 5 stars. The production might not have been very good to everyone's eyes, but I held it accounted because the movie was faithfull to the book, if it was made into a 'Hollywood Version' perhaps the production would have been better, but fans everywhere including myself would have left disappointed. So over all I think that the movie was great, gave fans a in depth look at the Magival World of Harry Potter for the many years that we have been dreaming about.
HARRY POTTER.....AMAZING this movie is so cool! If you haven't seen this movie or read the books you should. It is based on the first of the Harry Potter books about a young boy born to wizard parents who were killed when Harry was just a baby and is forced to live with his evil cousins. Then he gets invited to Hogwarts where he faces many challenges and dangers as the evil Lord Voldemort attempts to kill him several times. Harry is willing to risk his life to have fun with his friends and be a normal kid. The acting is this movie is amazing. Daniel Radcliffe sure did an awesome job playing Harry. The movie is over 2 hours and 30 minutes, but easily could have been over 10 hours long if everything in the book was included.. Go out and buy this movie if you are a Harry Potter fan!
The classic that started it all Stocking up on the classics!! Cool weather coming - time to curl up and start knitting with a good movie!! (After house work, of course!!)
Good start Great movie!!! Even after the 10th time. Too scary for my 11 year old. But that's just who he is, my 9 year old wants to see the next one.
H.P. fan! Always loved watching Harry Potter, and seeing the extended version was pretty cool. I loved seeing extra scenes that didn't make the cut,
Makes me feel like I'm home and safe I fall asleep to this movie every night. Makes me feel like I'm home and safe. Very true to the book - my favorite movie of the franchise.
Amazing!!!!!!!!!! best movie series and book series ever!!!!! This is just the beginning of the most amazing movie series and book series in the whole world
Brill Yep. 5 stars. I know, it's rare, but come on ... it's Harry Potter. The FIRST one ever! The only thing better than this movie is the book!
Freaking awesome Nuff' said. I've watched this movie at least ten times since I first bought it. Buy it, Live It~
Wonderful movie! We watched this with our 7 year old grandson. He was riveted to the tv from start to finish and is still talking about Harry and his owl.
DVD Delivered DVD has been delivered and is in great condition. Thank you very much. I have been wanting the widescreen edition of this for 10 years.
Amazing Great movie must watch best ever need to watch best ever love life worst HP movie but that's like saying you have too much money to spend
HP ALL THE WAY! This movie was awesome!The Quidditch match looked real and i loved when Harry put his wand up the trolls nose. "EWWWW! TROLL BOGIES!" lol
Awesome gift! Arrived quickly! product was as described. I know my husband will love this for Christmas and I was glad to get it at such a great price.
Wonderful as always I really loved watching this with my son who is new to the world of Harry Potter. It's a wonderful story that is now a "classic".
Where it all started... One of our all time favorites. Could watch it again and again! Love to go back and remember when harry, hermonie and ron were so young.
cool! My kid loved it! Will rent again and the whole series. My kid really enjoys these movies. I have amazon prime, so I watch through my tv!
Absolutely love Harry Potter Absolutely love Harry Potter. I've read the books multiple times and decided to buy this movie for our collection. We had rented before.
My daughter's review I'm 9 and I love this book a lot. Because it has a lot of magic in it. And I think that you should buy this book if you like magic too!
Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone Very very good kids film. Imaginative and fun. Could not find the seven deleted scenes that were advertised on the back of the package?
To Vanessa from New York and anyone else that hated this mov You (and a few others) hate this movie. Thats fine. But if you hate this movie why do you have to write a review that is so long that everyone falls asleep reading it? Just tell us you hate it. We don't care why. And fyi Ron Weasley has red hair in the movie because he did in the BOOK. Don't insult him and say he's high or gonna come out of a cereal box. Grow up. I like to see you or anyone else do a better job. Most of the actors are just kids. Quit being jealous cause they have a ton more money than you.
awesomewatch. This is the movie that started it all ( lol, the book started it all ), awesome watch.. the starting point of your future Potter fandom
Harry good Great movie, great acting, love the whole series. now more seeing my daughter watching them is priceless she like all the magic tricks.
Great movie for the whole family.. 10+ years later, and almost as many sequels, this movie was still great! I'm happy there are so many made... Lots of HP in our future!
Read the books, see the movie, read the books again... Before seeing this moving in the theatre, I read the first two books in the series. I absolutely loved the books and the movie! When you read the books you get these pictures in your head of how the characters look, how they act and how the scenes appear. That's why the movie was so amazing! All of the things I pictured in my head were just that in the movie! Some may think that after seeing a movie, there is just no interest in reading the books. Well, I'm almost finished with the third book (Prisoner of Azkaban) and want to go back and read the first two again! I can't wait for the DVD to come out so I can watch the movie over and over too! Rowling is a gifted author who pulls our imaginations into a world of wonder and amazement!
A Bit Too Simple. The first time I saw "HARRY POTTER" I liked it, the effects were great, the acting I guess was O.K., the score was great too, but what bothered me was that it seemed to be a more childish and simpler than the original book. The original book could be likable for all agaes(supposedly), but the movie can't. One disapointment in the movie was that the scary parts were scarier written down in the book than to be actually seen in the movie. And anyone over 12 years old wouldn't likely be caught laughing at the "supposed to be funny" scenes. Even though the special features should be interesting, I would reccomend renting it first befor you run off to your nearest movie store and buying it and not know what your getting.
great movie this movie a great action of the book. some of the actors and actresses could have been better picked but otherwise it was done great
great movie this movie a great action of the book. some of the actors and actresses could have been better picked but otherwise it was done great
Based on the book. This classic film was based on the book. It will keep your attention from start to finish. It is magical and wondrous for young minds.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Full Screen Edition) (Harry... Excellent movie and a enjoy the whole series of the movies. When nothing else is on or better to watch, we just watch this. Classic.
True to the Book Great film! It really brings the book to life, which is not often the case with most books that are made into movies. My son loved it!
love harry potter i just love these! came brand new nothing wrong with it no scratches no nothing. plus its the first harry potter movie! come on nowwww
Love love love Harry Potter Love love love Harry Potter! Timeless story for the entire family to love that teaches bravery, loyalty, and friendship. A MUST WATCH!
only took me years of convincing but finally i got ... only took me years of convincing but finally i got my children to watch this movie....they were glues to the screen (ages 4,8.11years)
Love it! Great movie, great price & fast shipping! I still had this movie on vhs, so I just needed to get the dvd version for my collection. :)
Really appreciated "seeing" the story in its entirety Great Story and wonderful cinematography Binge watch the entire saga. Really appreciated "seeing" the story in its entirety Great Story and wonderful cinematography
Love these movies Love them with my daughter, watching them again with my Grandson was just as much fun! Can't wait to to watch the rest of the series!
fun movie! The movie stays pretty true to the book. It skips a few sections which are unimportant to the main story. The actors are really good.
I love this movie I love this movie, so it gets 5 stars. But I'm not sure what the difference between the extended version and non extended version is.
The Book is Better than the Movie It's a great movie for fans, even though it leaves out some important stuff from the book. I would go buy it right now if i were you.
Potterific I watched them all sequentially and I love the progression of the characters and stories even more than when they were first released
This was a great additional Christmas present for my grand daughter who is ... This was a great additional Christmas present for my grand daughter who is a fanatic on Harry Potter. Thanks for the prompt service.
Daniel's just way too cute here and that's the only basis we need to have. I think no other Harry Potter movie can ever top this one. Daniel's just way too cute here and that's the only basis we need to have.
Love! I lvoe Harry Potter and this is exactly what i wanted I can't find these anywhere so when i was able to get it on here i had to!
One of the best adaptations of a novel I have ever seen One of the best adaptations of a novel I have ever seen. The filmmakers really brought to life the magical story that is Harry Potter
HArry Potter the movie- a childs point of view As a 12 year old girl I am one out of millons of big fans of the harry potter series. When the movie came out alot of children didn't want to see it, i was not one of them! I jumped at the chance to see my favorite book come to life on screen. i thought that this was an amazing chance. And I was right. This movie is great. It gives you a different point of veiw on how the characters look and it also gets parents to understand what their kids go gaga on all the time. I am glad to say that my dad has finally seen it and i was the one who took him. It was the fifth time for me. I advise people to get it because it is agreat movie for the family and because this is coming from one of the biggest fans that you will ever meet.
LOVE THEM ALL HAVE ALL OF THE MOVIES ON REGULAR DVD, HD DVD AND BLU RAY. ALSO HAVE ALL THE BOOKS. MY WHOLE FAMILY HAS ENJOYED THESE OVER AND OVER.
Of course, the very best What better can you say than it's the best. Great story, great cinematography. Try it - you AND the kids will absolutely love it!
Great movie! My two older boys loved it Great movie! My two older boys loved it. My youngest at 6 was a little frightened. Maybe next time we'll watch it during the day.
A great movie for grandparents and grand children to share Starting to show our grand-daughter the Harry Potter series.Both our 4 year old grand-daughter and grandparents enjoyed this movie!
It's the movie that started it all This was the original that started the Harry Potter movies. Amazing visual effects and storyline. Grabbed it for a great price too.
Great movie! A little on the expensive side especially ... Great movie! A little on the expensive side especially for just a digital copy but the quality was amazing and I have no regrets :D
Great movie. First time by little ones have seen ... Great movie. First time by little ones have seen it. They loved it! Used the wii and I was disappointed it would not work in HD :(
&amp;quot;A rather BIG surprise&amp;quot; When Harry Potter came to the big screen, I did NOT go to see it. I was of firm standing that it was kidd stuff. Then, a few weeks ago, the people on abc2 news had it on as a &amp;quot;movie event&amp;quot;. I figured since it was free, why not watch it? Needless to say, I was realllyyy surprised. I sat, spellbound through ALL commercial breaks, so I would'ent miss any of the story. I've never read a single book in the series, so I can say with out them, this movie still can stand on it's own. P.S. John Williams' score is amazeing!!!! P.S.S. Still, I will say that &amp;quot;The Lord of the Rings&amp;quot; are much better movies, and if you LIKE Harry Potter, You'll LOVE them.
Good flick. Good family entertainment, safe for kids of all ages. You don't need to be a Harry Potter fan to enjoy or appreciate this movie.
It's Harry Potter Like all of the Harry Potter series this is of course great. I love the simple complexity of the story. Harry is a hero as always.
Loved it, the best Harry Potter movie of the series. Absolutely my favorite movie. I love the books and was so happy they kept to the storyline. Loved how the cast all came together.
Not bad. Unique, interesting story. I understand the hype now but I wouldn't give anything more than 3 stars. I've seen much better movies.
The movie was a lot of fun to watch with the kids The movie was a lot of fun to watch with the kids. Watching the series will be something we'll look forward to as a family event.
