The customer service through mayday was amazing. They tried everything they could This phone has way to many problems, right out of the box it did not work. The customer service through mayday was amazing. They tried everything they could. Hopefully the replacement they send me is functional or i will definitley stick with samsung galaxy phone.
There are features of the phone that I love, but I have problems receiving text from others ... There are features of the phone that I love, but I have problems receiving text from others that have iphones. There were also some issues with learning to navigate through the phone. It frequently will redial phone numbers, although I have tried to hang up. I love the kindle feature. The camera is very good also. Overall I am pleased and feel that the issues I have will eventually work out.
Great 1st Generation... We will miss it. This was an amazing phone, especially considering it was 1st generation and for the price it also include a Prime membership. I hope Amazon gets back into this business, and considers making it more open to Android services.
Maybe if they tweak and create a tablet..... I had the Amazon Fire phone for less than a day before I returned it, and settled on an HTC One. I had been drawn in to the Fire because of Firefly, the Prime membership extension, and the ability to get my free monthly ebook and watch free tv/movies. The dedicated camera launch button was a plus. Dynamic Perspective was a let down. The gestures to fliip it from side to side to view menus got to be complicated, and they had to be done "just so". I wasn't super impressed with the camera anymore so than my old Samsung Galaxy. The speakers being on the ends didn't do anything for me, either. I'm much happier with the speaker placement on the HTC One. The Big Brother-esque intrusion on Twitter and Facebook made me not hook it up through the embedded options; it would let Amazon read & use your content. So because I chose to use the standalone apps, I couldn't get decent notifications. The lack of Google was the big con for me. I didn't realize how much I relied on Google services. The mapping app included is utter s***. It didn't locate stores that I know have been down the street for many years. And the mapping service thought I was a whole town over. Sure you can plug in your gmail to the native email app, but it wasn't as userfriendly to me as the Gmail app. The carousel ended up being more annoying than useful. The inability to remove/move native apps from the front home screen was super annoying. I tried to justify keeping it. I'd been so stupidly sure that I'd love it, that I sold my Kindle. So if I got rid of the Fire phone, I would have no ability to watch free tv/movies on the go, and would lose my monthly free book. But I really scrutinized the tv/movies, and found nothing I'd want to watch. I'm much happier with the HTC One. I'd moved from a Samsung Galaxy S3 to the Fire Phone to the HTC One. Having the HTC One in my hands felt like "home", it was much easier to use, more intuitive.
Very Pleased My wife switched from the I Phone 4s to Fire phone. At first we were confused about how to use it, but we had used I Phones for a few years. The I Phones operating problems, I Tunes and customer service are very lacking. After a few weeks of using the Fire phone we are so pleased that I ordered myself one today. I you run into a problem press the May Day button and you get live video support immediately. (Very Impressed). The sound system is superior to I Phone. Check it out.
Pass. Battery life very poor and mail client stalls Hardware is nice and the screen is gorgeous, however the native mail client is clunky and stalls frequently. The battery seems to drain rapidly lasting only 4-5hours... This is a huge problem and will hinder most people from keeping the phone. Native apps have reduced functionality, such as the audible app you cannot control play back speed and the kindle app doesn't have setting for night time reading. The amazon App Store is also missing key business apps such as Microsoft office apps, and you don't have access to the google play App Store.
Best Phone I Ever Owned! Best phone ever. I love everything about the fire phone. I have owned several kinds of cell phones going back to the early 1990's with a bag phone. The fire phone lets me do everything I want to do. Check emails, text messages and the best feature is the taking and receiving pictures. Picture taking is my hobby and I own several expensive cameras. The fire phone camera takes pictures just like those expensive cameras and now I do not have to carry all the extra heavy equipment. I love my fire phone and I am so happy I choose this phone and will be back when I need to purchase a new phone. Thank Amazon for a great product but nothing new there, I love everything about Amazon and it is my go to place to purchase anything from soup to nuts!
Mom wanted an easy to use smartphone to upgrade her phone Mom wanted an easy to use smartphone to upgrade her phone. She loves her kindle fire so much that I decided to get her the fire phone. So far she is raving about it. She loves the quick menus that slide out and adapt to what she is doing. Her only complaint is that she can't change the text size and maybe color in messaging. We discovered the accessibility option to magnify but it would be nice to be able to just change the text size. That and the limits on available apps are the only things keeping this from five stars. Great job for a first try at a phone.
Amazon fire in Colombia! I am so happy with my phone I'm Colombian! And this phone nobody has it here, some friends that have seen it they have said what amazing it is! Works well that many Androids I have bought in the past, I am not fan of iPhone like so many people so this was a good investment I'm sure I won't regret. Thanks Amazon!
Very Disappointed! I have had this for over a year, initially I thought it was an OK phone. I have come to learn that is not. The battery life is terrible and it will just shutdown and restart who knows why. The Bluetooth is useless for playing music from your device. It will skip and makes it impossible to enjoy. I used the Amazon SOS to try and get help also useless. I can't believe no one else has this problem. I will never buy another one of these phones. I had to go back to my 6 year old BlackBerry to use for music play on it Bluetooth. Well the software upgrade on 5/25/16, I thought had corrected problem with Bluetooth. But I was wrong not as bad as it once was but still there. Seems to get worse the longer you use it. The battery life still poor. I had hoped since it had been about a year since software upgrade that they had actually fixed problems but No! Still when my contact is up will not get another Fire Phone. This is my third review.
This is a fantastic phone! I just LOVE this phone! I was so hesitant based on so many reviews, but my husband pointed out that many of these reviewers are techno geeks that are probably so invested in Apple and Samsung that I should not use their reviews to make my decision. I am glad I listened to him (this time!). This is a great phone and it instantly synced with all my apps, books, music, etc. that I had on my Kindle Fire.
Interesting... I give this phone 3.5 stars, but generously rounding up to 4. I purchased the 64GB Fire Phone sealed box and factory unlocked off EBay. The reason why I purchased it was to have a temporary stop-gap after accidentally damaging my old 64GB iPhone 5S. I had purchased the 5S a few years prior directly from the Apple Store at full price for factory unlocked. My plan was to use the Amazon Fire Phone until I put enough aside to purchase a new iPhone then selling off the Amazon Fire Phone. I was planning on getting an iPhone 6S, however when the iPhone SE was released I went with a 64GB iPhone SE. I'm deeply into Apple's ecosystem (also in Amazon's ecosystem, but not as deeply). I've been very happy with the SE, but couldn't bring myself to sell of the Amazon Fire Phone as it had grown on me. I was able to do some very cool stuff with the Amazon Fire Phone. To start off with it is very easy to install the Google Play Store on the Fire Phone. Through Android third party apps, was able to have synchronization with my iCloud (Apple) calender, contacts, etc. Apple Music, which I subscribe to, is also available. The only major Apple-centric thing that I did not have was iMessage. Note that it is possible to install a near stockish vanilla Android on the Fire Phone (Google and YouTube CyanogenMod). However, I elected to keep Fire OS on it, along with Google Play Store and Google libraries, in order to get hybrid both worlds (Amazon and Google). I'm an Amazon Prime customer so also take advantage of Amazon Music, Video, books, etc. XBMC (Kodi) also runs nicely on the Fire Phone, which is pretty cool. I have an Amazon Fire Stick as well and lots of things nicely integrate between my Fire Phone and TV. Sure, the whole dynamic perspective thing is gimmicky (I turned it off to better preserve battery life), but the Amazon Fire Phone served its purpose for me well and I can't bring myself to part with it.
great phone! great phone,takes the best pics ever,video is awesome,has everything the kindle fire hd has,so its easy to learn to use..mine came already programmed,just added apps i wanted on it..crystal clear talking,not muffled like my "other smartphone"..i love mayday,used it twice ..immediate service..cust.service helped me out where i got stuck and no attitude...i did our entire grocery list by voice,and now my hubby wants one,and he,s a techie so thats a big compliment to amazon...really enjoying it,thanks!
Needs some help, but what new phone doesn't!? Overall, great phone! I purchased my phone directly through AT&T and received it yesterday afternoon. Upon pulling it out of the box and playing around with the cool features, I was pleasantly surprised on how many neat features this phone has! I did not and still have not had any issues with flicking my wrist to pull up the side menus like others have said. It works great for me. They do say to "flick" your wrist, not "casually move your wrist to the side". I was a little disappointed in the battery life though. I was opening every app yesterday, downloading things and just playing around in general, so I assumed that's why my battery was going so quickly, but then today I noticed the same issue. I immediately e-mailed them inside the help section and got a response immediately about an update that I was unaware of. This update is supposed to fix the battery issue. I honestly even can't complain about the battery too much because my previous iPhone 4 (that I owned for about a year) had terrible battery life after the first few months! Also, I have not had an issue with my phone being hot to the touch and I used it constantly for a few hours last night trying to figure it all out. I tried out the firefly features on a song and a book and it worked perfectly both times! This phone is different than what I'm used to. I was an iPhone user for over 4 years, so some things will take some getting used to, but that's to be expected. There IS a way to close the apps running in the background. I've seen a lot of complaining about this. Go to your carousel, hold your finger down over the icon in your carousel and a drop down box will appear, and you can remove it from your carousel from there. Simple, but I figured that out on my own. One thing I really miss is being able to take a screen shot. Now, since I only got my phone yesterday, I don't know if this option is available or not, but I have not been able to figure it out. I haven't contacted mayday about it because it's not a huge issue and I'm not going to bother those people for a simple question. If I have to contact them for any other reason, I will ask about that. Apps...I am a bit disappointed in the selection of apps available. This is a brand new phone though, and as fast as they seem to be moving to improve things, I expect that many apps will appear available very quickly! One that I use often is NCP. I am a National Consumer Panel member. You simply use an app to scan your purchases and ear points towards rewards. NCP has an agreement with AT&T, so as an active member, I save money on my cell phone bill. I'm not sure why this app is unavailable, but I will be contacting someone reguarding this issue so I can continue my membership with them. Overall, I believe this is an amazing phone and if people would give it a little bit of time, I think they would realize that amazon is working quickly to resolve a lot of issues. Just like any BRAND NEW phone, it's going to have some issues and kinks that need to be worked out. I am tired of seeing all these reviews that didn't even give the phone a chance. If time goes on (and by time I mean months) and this phone doesn't improve or gets worse, i will edit my review to let others know, but I believe in amazon! I have been an amazon prime mom member for about 6 months now, but I have been an amazon fan for years now. I have a 3 year old daughter that is 11 months older than my twin boys. My husband works a lot of long hours, so getting out to shop isn't easy for me. Amazon has been an incredible convenience for me and my family! I will stand by this company's side! Their customer service has always been incredible and they deserve the benefit of the doubt!!
Overall, enjoying the phone! Overall, I like the phone. It's size and shape is perfect. It takes gorgeous pictures!! But, it can use some improvements on some features. In texting, it doesn't offer another language (you would have to change your settings completely), the apps selections are limited, and there are other small things I have yet to figure out. But, their feature of getting help immediately from a live person is awesome.
Intrusive Amazon apps Update: Ok now I really dislike this phone. I thought I could reduced my stars, but apparently I had already given it one star. It is really sad when Amazon does not care if their own phone can support Amazon Underground. That is really sad. This was my first smart phone and I choose poorly. I will have to look into a refurbished android since this is under contract until next year. If Amazon has given up than I have too. I looked forward to the app of the day and now I can not even do that according the person I spoke with. I loved my Fire phone. To me it was the minivans of phones. Ok that is not attractive at all, but I am a mom and I shop a lot on Amazon and my kids and I love(d) my kindle so this seemed like a good next step for me. I did not have another smart phone before this so there is not a lot I miss from other providers since I have not looked a lot on Googles or Apple apps site to see what I could have had. This being said I loved my phone until their apps starting taking center stage on my carousel. I do not mind having Amazon shopping apps on my phone because I have just decided to hide the ones I do not use in a collection for apps I do not want. What has broken the camels back is the the music app from Amazon has taken on a mind of its own and is constantly on my carousel and I have to keep removing it. I have been told this is a feature of this app which does not look like it will be changed any time soon. This was not the case until the last week or so. I woke up one morning and there it was and there is has remained despite removing it several times a day. This is where I draw the line. I do not Amazon apps I do not care about front and center on my carousel. I have a contract so I guess I have another year and a half to see what other items they decided I need to see every day. I am a afraid of what is to come in the next year and a half. Will other apps show up which are permanent figures on my carousel? Am I only going to be able to have Amazon apps on my carousel? I would have given the phone 4 stars based on how I use it and the features I purchased it for but I am glad I waited to write my review. If this feature is permanent this may be my last Fire phone.
Amazing phone for the price. Not without caveats, but you'll love it. Received as a gift, and I'm very happy with it. Free year of amazon prime (stacks with existing subscription) effectively cuts the price by $100 for anyone inclined to use prime and coming up on the end of their prime subscription -- Makes this phone an absolute bargain. All the buttons are on the opposite side compared to every other phone I've ever owned. Weird, and ergonomically annoying. Tech specs are impressive, and net-net they give the phone a superior responsiveness. 32GB of storage (mine is the lower, 64GB is available) is a ton. No microsd expansion, but you probably won't need it. Dynamic Perspective lock screen is a tad gimmicky, but really shows off advanced phone capabilities. The home page features the "Carousel" navigation style, is attractive. Scrolling through apps one at a time is super-tedious and it requires a fair bit of curating to keep it from being unusable. The "alternate" home page (app grid) is everything you'd want from that type of interface The camera is good. Hardware camera button makes it very accessible, but unfortunately I bump it too frequently doing other things with the phone and the camera mode constantly interrupts me. Especially because the buttons are on the wrong side of the phone. Integration with other data (mail, calendar, etc) is flawless. Amazon App store is awesome with tons of free apps. However, it took a little effort to get Google Apps installed. Lots of mainstream android apps are not available through amazon store (e.g. Bank of America's mobile app, BubbleUPNP). Gets hot-to-the-touch sometimes. Not sure why. Update: Docking stars. OTG adapters don't work on this phone. Hunting around forums online, it's clear that Amazon intentionally disabled this from base Android for malicious reasons. It makes me slightly angrier about the lack of MicroSD expansion. Seems that the device has been intentionally hacked to break Netflix/Youtube integration with Chromecast from apps that support Chromecast. Device also seems (once again, intentionally, maliciously) to interfere with license checks on Google Play Store apps -- which is infuriating because a LOT of really cool apps don't exist in Amazon Marketplace (like most "old game console" emulators). In fact, the range of "amazon customizations" that have been made exclusively to disable Android features is staggering.
Honesty time for something new. I only got to play with one for a day and I can't wait until mine comes in unfortunately from ebay. I'm so sick about hearing about Google's apps, yes they are plentiful but let's be honest you know the ones people can't seem to live without are not important to everyone. Every new os platform that comes out can not be judged by how the app selection compares to Android or apple... Just go buy one of them and be happy. But for the rest of us something different is refreshing. Windows dropped the ball buckling under the pressure to be like you know who. Amazon don't bend to the haters. Do your thing! A new model with Alexa and Please don't get rid of dynamic viewing will definitely get my money. Ya love android? I can't tell you ya wrong but I like this one and will not be made to think I am. To each his own... But I'll see when I get a week with it if the hate is justified
it would be nice if they could do one last update which would ... Now that Amazon has abandoned this phone, it would be nice if they could do one last update which would allow Google apps on the phone. I thought I could work within the limitations of this phone, but I was wrong. Thank goodness I spent less than fifty dollars on this thing.
Love It I bought this phone for my wife and chose it because of her Amazon affiliation. Her first smart phone so she had no addiction to google or anything else out in cyberworld. She has loved that phone and I have been really impressed with the ease of use and photo quality. To me it's much more user friendly than my Android based phone. Been a real hit in my house!
This is a great phone, period Ok, I have read some of the 1 star reviews and you people are nuts. This is a great phone, period, and I have had mine for over a year. It shoots better video than my actual digital camera and I shoot a lot of videos. I like it better than my husband's IPhone and yes I love everything about Amazon so having those services, i.e., my books, watching movies, shopping are awesome. There is not one thing about this phone that I personally dislike but I'm not interested in using my phone as a mini computer for gaming or surfing. With that said, I have used to for the GPS, have used it for reading books and streaming HULU or Netflix and it works better than my ASUS tablet, that I sent back to ATT. I love the screen savers with all the animation. It loads my Facebook page with no problem and I love how many options you have to navigate by swiping here, there and everywhere. I have loaded my CBS app to watch television with no issues, my Spotify with no issues and it downloads and stores all my playlists and plays back all the music. This phone does so much that I won't trade until there is another version but it's the first time I've been so happy with a phone that I could care less about upgrading. Those of you spoiled babies who gave it less than 5 stars just need to purchase a tablet for all the things you really want to do. Speaking of tablets, my older Kindle Fire outperforms that new ASUS MeMo tablet so I have no desire to knock Amazon's products or services. My only issue is that Amazon outsources to Manilla for customer service, which is horrible. However, all you have to do is demand a US rep and those guys and gals are great. Also, they seem to know how to transfer back to the US much better than other companies that outsource, like Dell. I have nothing but good things to say about our US Amazon representatives but not overseas people who can't understand our American wants, needs, desires or cannot construct a proper sentence. This is a great phone and I haven't had one single issue with it as of yet. I can't say that about my prior Samsung phones or my Iphone 5s (which I gave up for this phone) or any of my prior droid phones. I'm a real review and love Amazon.com.
The best phone I have ever owned! I have always liked slider phones because of the capability to type fast. This phone has exceeded my expectations in so many ways! I can't understand why everyone isn't switching from the iPhone to the Amazon Fire! This phone has the capability of recognizing any music or television show. It also offers hand free scrolling to shop with such ease, and it ties you into your Amazon account with free Prime! It just doesn't get better!
I just love this phone I just love this phone!! I cannot go to Google, but I use my Laptop for that instead. I was second guessing myself after I read the reviews on-line. I needed a new phone, so AT&T helped me out with this one. Each day at first, everyone had to check out the screen saver. Too bad there are not more to see. Overall it is an awesome phone 5 stars =^.^=
overall very pleased with the form overall very pleased with the form, size and functionality... I loved that when i turned it on it already had my amazon accounts of Audible with all my books there as well as in my kindle app all the purchases were there. I was very pleased with how easy it was to transfer my music from iTunes to the Amazon Music. The keyboard is very responsive and easy to type correctly on! much better than the Samsung Galaxy or the iPhone. there are just a couple of things that could be better. the voice recognition is not nearly as good as on the Galaxy S5 and the way it deletes messages in your mailbox is not nearly as fluid a the Galaxy but at the same time better then the iPhone. overall it is a great phone and my current favorite out of the iPhone5S and the Galaxy S5.
So far, so good... I got this on July 24. So far it seems like a really good phone. Good signal strength, even in the black hole of cell reception that is my neighborhood. Voice quality is clear, phone is extremely responsive, gorgeous display and seems to be of quality construction. It's thin and light. It is a bit light on features, and I hope to see more customization via apps later, but as a phone it performs very well. No regrets here.
I am disappointed, I had no idea that I could not ... I am disappointed, I had no idea that I could not purchase/download any google apps, I also had a very difficult time transferring my contact list. and other information. However, I am pleased with having all of my kindle apps, books and prime features on my phone. The camera is awesome. ....
has a few problems, but great phone There are a few things that need to be worked on, like the fact that if I'm on my phone on someone calls it does not ring, or show I have a missed call until I click on the phone app and when I'm talking on the phone and have a case on I can't get the screen to come on to do anything until the other person hangs up. Also when I tap the home button to turn my screen on I have to hit it multiple times before it will come on. But other than that I love it
Unable to download many apps I pre-ordered this phone. I am such a huge Amazon fan that I didn't think twice about which new phone I was getting when I saw these coming out. Now I've had it for about 8 months and I am already considering another phone. The features this phone has are great. I love FireFly, the pictures and storage are wonderful, but there are too many apps I cannot load. I moved from an iPhone so I knew that I wasn't going to have as many options but it is getting to a point where there are more things I can't load than can. My bank apps, my Square app for my business, even the blue tooth isn't as good as my iPhone. I will probably pass the phone on to my young daughter who will love it, but it just isn't working well for me.
All around great phone, no complaints so i love it. Not saying its the best cause i havnt tried them all but its great for me! this phone has some pretty great audio, which is a big deal for me cause I use music as an alarm clock and waking up to good sound is a definite plus. The camera really is great and makes every picture look like you tried 20 times and picked the best one, so that saves a lot of time for social media. The dynamic view whatever is pretty innovative and cool too, i hope they find a way to implement this into video games and 3d movies and other 3d games too making it one step closer to virtual reality. I do think you should buy a case for this phone but as with anything beautiful and glass it is always good to protect it. A free year with amazon prime is awesome cause i love it and will probably get a new phone in a year anyways. The firefly thing is cool but not for phone numbers cause thats easy enough to just type in yourself but the fact it saves it with contact info does save you some time which is always good cause the less time you have to point your phone at things in public the better i think anyways.
Skeptic turned Fire Fan I was a little skeptical at first and while it does take some getting used to it's proof that change can be a good thing!! Before this phone I only wanted LG phones, I must say Amazon stands up to its reputation. I love my fire phone and won't be trading it in unless it's to upgrade the same brand! :)
This phone has made my phone life a nightmare for a year now. Figured out it was the phone too late. First off, I get full bars and LTE 4 G where I live. Phone will randomly not receive calls and texts for HOURS and you will have no idea until they flood in all at once. I previously had a Samsung Galaxy for many glorious years and it never, ever stopped receiving texts or calls. I've missed some very important texts and call, including invitations for job interviews, calls from my child's school, family emergency's, etc. I have spent SO much time and money trying to fix this phones issue. I've spent the last year convinced, by Amazon customer service, that it was the provider and NOT them. False, it's been the phone all along. And because customer service convinced me of that for so long, I have $400 down the drain (my husband and I both bought phones, they both stop getting calls and texts for HOURS). I've switched providers THREE times. Changed phone numbers once, my husband twice. Factory reset twice.Customer service replaced phone once, it did not change a thing. Replaced the cover, took off the cover. Took it on trips, stayed at home. So much and nothing changes. It does not get calls or texts consistently. Customer service has had me alter so many settings, i lost track of how much I've had to do. I alter a setting, they have me call back later. Then alter another setting, have me call back later. Over and over. Finally, a rep at At&t told me they've gotten complaints that this phone has a reputation for this. Huh. Love that Amazon customer service failed to mention this. I called Amazon once and for all, and we had exhausted all the options that they could do to try and fix this ridiculous phone. But guess what? My phone's warranty just expired the beginning of this month! My husband's phone hasn't expired yet so they said all they could do was send a new one. Yay! Trading worthless junk for another piece of worthless junk. To make matters worse, the man on the phone did not speak very good English so we could not understand each other. I hate to say it, but I gave up. I've wasted too much time on this thing. Lesson learned. Gah.
A+ Camera Phone What I like (Aug 4 updated review): 1. One of my primary reasons for getting the Fire Phone was the camera and associated unlimited free Amazon Cloud storage for pictures taken with it. Last week, I took the Fire along on vacation to test its camera. The battery lasted a long time and the photos are very good. For example, I took 530 photos at the Chicago Botanic Garden, using about 80% of the battery charge. I shot 350 photos at Chicago's Field Museum, using about 65% of the battery charge. I tire before the Fire's battery does. The pictures are quite good, especially when photographing objects. Landscapes with bright skies tend to be underexposed, but the pictures are easily corrected in photo apps. I took a lot of pictures, about 1,350 over five days, and they uploaded to the cloud every evening when I had good Wi-Fi connections at hotels or at home. I can now access the pictures on my Kindle, iPad Air and my PC using companion Amazon Cloud apps. The Fire Phone camera isn't going to replace my big Nikon for serious photography, but it's a decent supplement. 2. The Fire Phone is quick and has an excellent display. Maps, including the ability to show "what's around here" restaurants, etc. by tilting the screen are fantastic. I like the 3D potential. 3. Other than photos, my most used apps are for news, weather and mail. My favorite news app, Flipboard with a link to my New York Times account, is fluid. The NY Times also displays beautifully in the Silk browser. I prefer getting and managing my Gmail on the Fire Phone to using the actual Gmail app. There are many good weather apps with the same functionality as my other i-Devices. 4. Phone and text functions work well. 5. I like the free access movies and music albums via Amazon Prime. I'm looking forward to connectivity to the Fire TV unit, which I have ordered. 6. The Fire Phone has a good selection of apps. What I want but can't find at the Amazon store, I'll find on other devices. Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, and Google all offer great products and software. I use them all and am happy to add the Amazon Fire Phone to the mix. Minor Cons: 1. There is a little dust between the rear camera lens and the glass back. It doesn't appear to degrade the photos, but I'm annoyed that I can't get at it. 2. There is some incompatibility between the Fire Phone and my car audio. Music streams fine over the blue-tooth connection, but voice directions from a third-party GPS app do not.
BIGGEST MISTAKE I'VE MADE IN A LONG TIME! I got my Fire Phone the day it was released. I was so excited -- I own three Kindles -- the original, the first Kindle Fire and the Kindle Fire HD. I still actively use the last two and love them. I was sure I would love the phone as well. I should have listened to family and friends who urged me to wait, but I told them Kindle would not let me down. So much for trust! The phone itself - for making/receiving calls and texts and email - is just fine. I am SO, SO, SO disappointed in the lack of freedom I have over the display, the ringtones, etc., etc. But, my BIGGEST complaint is the lack of apps I can use!!!!! Very few of the apps I was so used to having cannot be used on the Fire Phone! These are not obscure apps - these are VERY common apps that most people use! I bought groceries using the Scan-&-Go app from Wal-Mart. Can't even get WAL-MART at all!!! Can't get my favorite restaurants. Can't get Sam's Club, which means I can forget renewing prescriptions with my phone. Our Autism class at the junior high where I work, uses the Shopparoo App for fundraising. Nope, can't get that either. I look at the App Store and mostly there are stupid games and apps no one has ever heard of or even want. The saddest part is that I am STUCK for two years before I can get an upgrade! I don't have the money to just buy another phone. I sent in a complaint to Amazon, but all I got was a reply (sort of) addressing the ringtone and display issue. Not even a mention of the App problem. I guess the best I can do is to warn others against buying this phone.
help The phone is great, love it. But when I get a call or try to call someone, the screen goes to sleep and I can't end access the screen and do anything, and I'm just wondering if it's a settings thing that I can change, or is it a update thing where the developers can fix it.
Piece of garbage The app store is a joke. You have to go through the browser for YouTube. No app! Phone freezes all the time. The mic is apparently tiny because if I'm not holding the phone perfectly nobody can hear me. The final straw was traveling out of state on vacation and the SIM card disappears off the network leaving me stranded without a working phone. I work for ATT and was given this phone as my company phone not by choice. Amazon should be ashamed of themselves.
loooove it I have been an iPhone girl since iPhones came out but decided to try the fire phone and have to say that I am in love! The keyboard is tons better. Love firefly. Auto correct is better. The fire phone is super user friendly, the one time I tried to switch to an android I couldn't figure out in 2 weeks! I had this phone down pat in 30 minutes! The camera is great. I love everything about this phone so far.
Baby Let me light your Fire It is a wonderful piece of equipment. Just requires a lot of studying to know how to use it. But it has already gotten me out of a few tough spots. Having the MayDay button for tech support is heavenly. I received outstanding service at the AT&T store where I purchased it. I believe the agents name was Jose
One Star Bad very bad. Play Store? :/
Every day I use my new Fire Phone I get a little more excited about the device, an excitement I never experienced with my previo About 2 weeks ago my husband bought me the new Amazon Fire Phone to replace my iPhone. At first I was a little hesitant as I had tried multiple android devices before and usually gave up after 5 minutes, unable to figure out simple functions or unable to trace apps in the chaos. In the meantime I just love my Fire Phone and have been recommending to many of my friends and co-workers. Fire Phone Highlights: Fire Phone OS 3.5: To my surprise the Fire Phone's android based OS is awesome: user friendly, intuitive with a clean and refreshed look. I like the adoption of the carousel technology which allows quick access to your most frequently or most recently used applications with a nice preview on the bottom. It really makes things (such as email) so much more efficient, effective and accessible. FireFly: Music recognition with a click on the button is unsurpassed. No need for long google sessions retrieving that one song you heard while doing shopping. 1 click of the button tells you in no time the song title, album,...I will use this new feature a lot! Navigation: In contrast with a number of reviews, I find navigating very intuitive. I just went through the 2 minute Fire tutorial and was totally on my way. Amazon cloud for picture storing: In contrast with the iCloud I was up and going in 2 minutes with the Amazon cloud. After 4 years of iphone I still am not able to find my pictures backed up on the iCloud!! Thanks Amazon for keeping things simple.
Needs work on programming. This phone program will not increase the font size. If you are over 40 this can present a problem with reading text messages and using the phone book. Returned phone.
Great choice for Prime members I heard a lot of criticism of the Fire Phone before it was released.comments suggested that the 3D effects were gimmicky and that the phones specs were average and that the entire phone was aimed at selling more Amazon products. So maybe this phone isn't for everyone but for people like me, who are frequent Amazon users, it is the perfect phone. I am not spending all my time on the internet shopping on Amazon.in fact I have not used the firefly button except to figure out how it works. But I do own a kindle and I do have an Amazon Prime membership. The phone helps me stay connected with my content. I prefer to read on my Kindle but if I'm out and about, I can read on my phone. I can add to my music queue or my television watch list from either device.I love it. And I am also very pleased with the camera. I was recently blessed with a new granddaughter, which means lots of pictures and sharing.I believe my phone took the clearest, brightest pictures. Better than the Kodak camera and my daughter's htc one. About the price: $200 is a premium price for a phone. But at the time I purchased the phone, I got an extra year of Amazon Prime and an upgrade from the 16 GB model to the 32GB model. I'm not sure I'd have paid the$200 otherwise, but I'm glad I didn't have to make that decision. I'm VERY happy with this phone.
... that I cannot download but over all its a pretty great phone I like it and recommend it It's a different operating system than I am used to and there are a few apps that I cannot download but over all its a pretty great phone I like it and recommend it.
This phone did not work for me My previous phone was an iPhone 4S. I purchased this phone from the ATT store on Friday and returned it on Monday. The phone looks and functions like the tablet. I really tried to like this phone but too many setbacks so back to the iPhone I go. I had to pay a $35 restocking fee which I was ok with. I returned this phone for several reasons. 1) This OS is not supported through my job so I was not able to connect to my work email or calendar. I store my personal contacts as well as my personal events on my work PC. So, that’s email, contacts and calendar that I no longer have access to easily. 2) The Amazon app store does not contain two apps that I use with household items (nanny cam, programmable thermostat). I would no longer be able to control or view these devices using my phone. That was a really big inconvenience for me. 3) I did not like the email display. It’s hard to distinguish between read and unread messages. The only difference is the subject line is bold or unbolded. It was also difficult to switch between email accounts before figuring it out. 4) I do not like the Internet Browser. 5) The last straw for me was not being able to get my contacts to transfer to this phone. I tried the transfer app with minor luck. I then took the phone into the store and was told that I would have to manually key in 130 contacts. I also was not able to transfer my videos. I did get my pictures to transfer but they were not in date order. They were placed randomly into the new phone which kind of bothered me. This is a nice phone for people 1) that do not need to connect to their work email or calendar 2) do not have specific apps that they need to use that are not available in the Amazon app store 3) do not read email often 4) not familiar with Smart phones. The Mayday feature is really nice.
i have to say this is the best phone i have ever used Hey everyone, i have to say this is the best phone i have ever used! It is well worth every cent, amazon has put alot of time and effort into creating this beautiful device, it has features you wont ever find on any other phone. Excellent call quality great graphics, and no matter what anyone says, yes you can install google apps, and google playstore on this phone! This phone is extremely fast and fluid. I love it and amazon always has my vote, way to go amazon!!!! thank you
Wasn't receiving calls or texts, freezes up, camera not working, and "best shot" clogging phone with no way to transfer photos. My boyfriend and I each got the fire phone after his iPhone got stolen. We wanted to try something new. There are a lot of cool features on the fire phone, like the firefly and the 3D-movement. However, there are way too many bugs for this to be with your money. This biggest flaw was simply the service. There were so many times where we wouldn't receive important phone calls or texts until we used the phone to call out or text someone. Needless to say, a phone's number one job is to be a phone. If you can't do that, then none of your features even matter. We both ended up getting in trouble at our jobs over missed messages and we had to get rid of it. We both wasted $200 on this thing. So many bugs that when I tried to use simple features such as the camera, it would freeze up and stop working. It also does a thing called "best shot" photo, which I didn't mess around with, yet somehow it ended up taking up so much room on my phone when I looked at the storage info that I couldn't even take pictures. Furthermore, there is no app or any easy way at all to transfer your pictures. I found out you can download something to do this, but it's some obscure app that wouldn't work with my MacBook Pro. So that completely sucked. Clogging my memory with no way to empty my phone easily; the best shot photo storage (whatever that even is) took up more room than my pictures plus everything else combined. The autocorrect was actually pretty good, as well as the voice recognition. The map was pretty awful, and wasn't able to give me any kind of good traffic update: it would say traffic is totally fine, then if I reopened it immediately after it would say traffic was awful and in the red. It was worse when I was already completely stopped on the freeway and it's telling me the freeway isn't backed up at all. Very unreliable. This phone like any has a private browser mode which I get that people like, but it is a little annoying to me since we all know it's only for porn watchers to hide their use from their spouses or significant others or whoever else. Supporting that annoys me, but every phone does that these days so it doesn't set them apart for supporting that junk. It's heavy, but that didn't bother me so much. Apps were basically piggybacking off of android apps, so many of them didn't work well on the phone and many of them actually caused the whole phone to freeze. The phone actually restarted on me a couple times, and other times I had to restart it. It had an option to tilt the phone to scroll, which sounds cool - but I just had to turn it off because it is so sensitive. Anytime I held my phone and moved just slightly it would start scrolling quickly down or up and I would lose my place. Even setting it down, if the surface appeared level but maybe it was slightly off, the phone would randomly start scrolling while sitting on the table. Super annoying. I liked that you could swipe to go back, but since you also swipe to scroll, it caused a lot of problems if you're trying to stay on the page and read. It would freeze on the Internet and sometimes it was really hard just to get any navigation buttons to pop up. Which can be a disadvantage to any phone/screen without many buttons. I do like that this had more buttons. No easy way to switch from vibrate to ringer though which really sucked. One cool feature is that you can set an alarm for a day of the week, but if you don't pay attention that can easily make your alarm not go off if you thought it was set for the next day (especially if you set it around midnight). Calendar worked well, but it was less user friendly than I would have hoped, and you can't set multiple reminders for calendar events :(. Netflix app worked awesome. So that was cool. I loved that you could set the background to change from one moving picture to the next. But this of course was awful on the battery. Even with that off, the battery died so quickly. Luckily the charger was great quality and in my opinion way better than most chargers I have had for any phone. Kudos there. I love Amazon chargers for any device. And it was great to share a charger with my kindle. So overall, the bugs need worked out! It might be an awesome phone one day, but it was a nightmare for me; mainly for the phone service not working no matter how much trouble shooting I did. But also so much freezing and malfunction elsewhere. I don't advise it unless you don't care about malfunction.
like/dislike I've had the Fire 2 1/2 weeks. It has been like/dislike on and off. The phone has a good sound and is pretty easy to navigate. It also takes great pictures. Mayday has been helpful but they too are learning this new phone. The folks at Mayday do know alot more than the instore sales reps. I was very disappointed that the phone does not work with my Nexus 7 contrary to what the sales reps said. (My old Android phone was completely compatible with the Nexus.) Therefore, I'm having to change over to Kindle/Amazon completely as nothing from Playstore or Playbooks transfers over. That said, I am slowly finding apps to replace the Android apps I liked and used and the Fire apps seem to be better. I am not a "techy" person at all so this has been quite a stretch for me. I think in the long run I will like the phone. However, I do hope they will continue to work on new apps and updates I will continue to call Mayday as they are learning the phone much faster than I am and they are very patient with slow learners!.
I miss my phone. I had never owned a "fancy" phone before, due to being a single mom in full time college. I purchased this fire phone last year when it was on sale and I LOVED it! Unfortunately, I only owned it for two months before it was stolen, and Amazon was unable to locate my device. I was heart broken, mostly because ever since, the Fire phone has been unavailable for purchase. Will this be available again? I would love to buy one again! Amazing phone. I especially loved the camera and video quality. As a wildlife biologist, I was very impressed with the quality of photos and videos of animals I was able to capture on this phone, even zoomed in at max.
Amazon please rethink you decision!!! I love this phone and it is ashame that it is being discontinued. From what I see it is only IPhone users that have real complaints, or those who are too lazy to really learn the phone or apps. It is just like the BLACKBERRY another great phone going away.
I really like the phone I really like the phone. Everything is easy to get to and use.The best phone I have owned and with a year of Prime to go with it what else can you ask for.
If you love Amazon, you will love Fire Phone!! I love my Fire Phone. Always have been a Prime subscriber, but the Fire Phone totally uses your Prime subscription to the maximum benefit. As with the Kindle, they are bringing new apps all the time. But all the major ones are on board. The phone is easy to use. The camera is great. I love the features, like firefly and the tilt scrolling.
I really like this phone I really like this phone.It is awesome.It texts calls quickly and it also holds an strong signal 90 percent of the time.Photo quality and screen graphics are very good.The screen also moves around when you move it.Plus it has movement options when you move your phone to the right or left and so on.It is really cool.I am very happy with my new phone.
AT&T don't have a clue about anything about this phone I loved this phone when I 1st got it.... I've had it for 4 months now and last month I had to call customer service 3 times to get my speaker working. I could only hear phone conversations while on speaker phone. Now that that issue is taken care of, I've noticed that I can barely hear with the volume turned wide open...so I guess I'm going to contact Amazon support again but if these problems persist I will probably go back to the Galaxy S5 or I might try the S6. Another thing I don't like about this phone is that you can't get the Google Playstore which has alot more to offer than the Amazon App Store
Amazon knows how crappy this phone is and masks it with a year of prime to get you to buy it. IT'S A TRAP!!! This phone is a piece of crap. The only thing remotely good about the fire phone is a year of prime for free. You cant send pictures over 1 MB in a text and the phone is constantly freezing up, glitching, and turning off. I took it to AT&T to replace it, which I did, and the same crap happened. Also even if you bought s song make sure your music library is switched from cloud to device or else you can say good bye to your data plan unless you're connected to WiFi 24/7. No Google apps. 3rd party apps screw with the phone. Battery life sucks. Etc. Etc. etc... save your money. Definitely not worth it. In 5 years? maybe. Now? HECK no!
Not worth the hassle... When I first received this phone it was quick and I loved the design. It freezes up a lot now and wont scroll occasionally. I frequently have to restart it. There's plenty of space on the phone but a lot of the apps that I would normally use are unavailable on the Amazon store. The phone dies constantly like 3x a day. You loose 3% just for checking the time even with the lights dim. I can leave my home with 100% and by the time I get to a 20 min destination its at 56%. Every time I'm with my friends their Iphones and Galaxys outlive mine by 20% with us snapping pictures. When I connect my phone to other networks at different locations and come back home it won't automatically connect to my home wifi, I have to save my password all over again. When I get in my car it wont connect to bluetooth alot of times. I have to double tap the bluetooth symbol twice(kind like reset or refresh it). For some reason I can't use the volume buttons on my steering wheel if its music coming from my phone but was able to with android phones in the past. It maybe not be completely compatible with new Hyundai Elantras. Front camera sucks but the back camera is pretty good. If you post photos straight from your gallery to Fb it won't post them all. But if you go to FB and then use add photos to status they will all post. I think the photo issue just started with the new update I don't remember this issue before that. All in all it just looks nice but is a pain in the a**. Its a dumbphone that looks like a smartphone because you have to tell it everything. I like Amazon products but this one was a fail.
Very happy with this phone. I've had this phone for a few days now... and I really really love it. It has a very simple user interface. The carousel and the quick actions are a breeze to use. Also, the camera on this phone rocks. Here are some of the pros and cons, that I feel are for this phone. PROS ++ User Interface: When you pick an app in the carousel you see quick actions that can be performed before opening the app. For instance, Mail lets me see new mails without opening the app. Phone lets me quickly call the recent contacts. I think you get it by now. + Amazon Apps & Prime: If you're an Amazon Prime user, it can't get better than this. The support for the Amazon ecosystem is amazing. + Firefly: I would love to see other apps make use of the firefly. For instance, Netflix and Hulu for movies, Walmart, Target and other retailers for groceries and etc. + Dynamic Perspective: This one may sound gimmicky, but I think this has potential especially with games. + Mayday: I feel this truly separates this phone from every other phone in the market. It's like having someone available 24x7 to help you out with your phone. You are connected to an expert within 10-15 seconds and, there is no charge for that "ever". CONS - Dynamic Perspective: I know I've listed this item in the PROS. Here is what I don't like about this. "if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail". I hope the use of this technology is limited to where it is relevant. Overall, I love this phone. I used to be an avid IOS user. I have tried Android and Windows phone before and have felt that no one gets the customer like Apple does. Now I feel that no one gets the customer like Amazon does.
The Amazon fire phone is great!! The Amazon fire phone is great!!!! Just don't go through AT&T for it. I picked the phone up last week and unfortunately the glass cracked. I went back to have it fixed through insurance and was told they no longer carry the phone and can have an HTC for a replacement for $200. Within one week of me having the phone. They say they are all out and it is my only option. An HTC is not a comparable product this the Amazon fire phone is amazing!! Just wish I could have the glass replaced...... hey Amazon talk to AT&T they say it's not worth having
Great phone! Took me a few days to get used to this phone, but I love the features and was so surprised when I noticed that it already linked to my Kindle and Prime Music Playlist. I have to admit some of the features take time getting used to because the phone is very different from any other phone I've had, but overall the phone is great.
amazing fire phone My fire phone is amazing I dropped it about 3 times and hasn't cracked yet and the 3D is amazing.. I love the app store a lot of stuff I want and more and the battery omg I was traveling to Massachusetts and I was at half battery and it was still on when I got back to New York I love this phone thanks amazon...the only thing is that u can't take the battery out but it's ok ill put a protection plan on it lol
The Stars are for Customer service!!! I really wanted to love this phone but I was disappointed. It all started a couple of months ago. I was enjoying the phone until it started freezing up on me, dropping calls, losing contacts and call log, taking too long to send a text message, taking too long to load contacts, duplicating contacts. I called in and I was offered a replacement, the 1st replacement came in and I was enjoying it but it started acting up too and the craziest thing is it got soon hot one night. I called in and I was offered a 2nd replacement (the one I am using to type this review) which I am about to send back since it has not been any different. Today it has been freezing like crazy and luckily I received the 3rd replacement. I have restarted these phones, appeared them off, and even restored them but I am done. The apps act up, one minute they are fine the other they a mess. I am disappointed and I am tired of this refurbished replacements. I cannot deny the fact that customer service has been great (the three stars are for the customer service department) and helpful. This phone needs a lot of work and maybe an improved version. I am not a tech savvy person but I guess I can tell when there is some technical issues.
Great phone but needs a few upgrades to apps I like this phone very much. It's fast, and has many fun features including good graphics, amazon video, and firefly. My main complaints are 1) the app store doesn't provide all apps that you would find on an android or iphone, and 2) it's challenging to upgrade some apps including the my AT&T application.
Thank you Amazon Best phone I've had. Mayday feature is amazing, and the modified Android is feels refreshing. Can't wait for a larger screened model to come out.
yourve been warned I was really hoping this phone would work out. I love Apple products but I'm obsessed with Amazon! I purchased the 64GB with two small children and never wanted to run out of space. With that said, this phone was horrible!!! Before I had it for a week, I had to bring it back to AT&T twice because it would run slow, not turn on, and kept shutting off. Finally after the third phone in one week I got one that stayed on. This is the slowest phone. No offense but it's worse than a knock off Kyocera $50 phone. Horrible. I'm only at 50% space capacity after a year of owning it and it's horrible. It shuts off, take 30 minutes to turn on, it closes out my apps, it's horrible. The list is never ending. Do not purchase this unless you wanna be disappointed. Seriously. I gave it two stars because I love the free prime for a year but that's legit the only thing.
I upgraded from an iPhone and I do like this phone a lot I upgraded from an iPhone and I do like this phone a lot. Only downfall is it does not have certain apps available such as snapchat which I miss having. I wish they would get more common apps. Having Amazon prime is awesome though.
Thanks to this phone, I'll probably never buy another product made by Amazon. Worst phone I've ever owned, and I've owned some pretty bad phones. I originally got suckered into buying this $200 paperweight because of the free year of Amazon Prime, and because I needed a decent phone that would last a couple years. Not the case here. I don't know what it is, the updates or the phone was just designed to fail - but after about a year (conveniently when the warranty expires) the phone randomly shuts off the screen, and then you have to wait for the battery to die completely before you can charge it and turn it back on. This happens multiple times per month - so you have no phone about 4-6 days per month. Amazon doesn't even stand by their product or their customers and offer to give you any kind of refund or compensation, even when you paid the steep price of $200 and later they gave it away for 99 cents. This phone has soured me on Amazon as a whole - and now I take my business elsewhere whenever it is within reason to do so. Amazon isn't the only game in town anymore, and they certainly aren't the best anymore.
The Camera is great, the HD screen is awesome I have really Kiev this phone. The Camera is great, the HD screen is awesome, and the apps are a plus. The only draw back is not bring able to download certain apps because amazon dos not have them on their serve. If amazon could branch out on the apps, this phone would be a highly competitive product against any other android phone on the market.
Amazon Fire Phon My Amazon Fire phone was delivered when it was expected. It is a beautiful easy to use phone. I is larger than an iphone but not too much. It has access to loads of apps; in which many are free. It has a feature that I really love and that featue is called Mayday. Whenever I have a problem all I have to do it to go to that setting and it walks me thru whatever I am trying to do. It;s awesome and I really love it. I got it thru an upgrade so it did not cost anything and I up graded at a time when it had a year of free Prime added to it. So far I havethe Kindle fire and now the Fire phone.. One can not go wrong when dealing with Amazon
Really wanted to love it. I was very excited to get this phone when I first heard about it. I am a loyal AT&T customer for years, when it was still Cingular. I also like to try new gadgets/phones. I was thrilled that I was able to use AT&T Next to upgrade without costing me an arm/a leg. However, it's been about 2 weeks, and I am honestly disappointed in this one. First, I like the Apps Market to be larger. It stated Android/Amazon market apps, but 1) no Android apps and 2) definately doesn't have the apps that I was used to with my previous Android phones. I know it's a new so the market will only grow as time passes. Having adjustment issues :) Now some of these are not imperative functions, but I'm comparing it to Andriod based phones because that were the phones I've used. I would also appreciate an indicator light of some sort. When the phone is in idle, I can't tell if the phone is charging (when I have it charging) or when there is a missed text/call. There are no speed dial options, which I didn't realize how frequently I used them until I don't have the option anymore. WIFI connection: I live in a small apartment, my WIFI adapter is in the livingroom, and the connection is unstabled/dropped whenever I'm in the bedroom, which is odd because I NEVER had this issue with any of the Android phones. I LOVE the battery life, last longer than most phones. Easy to use and neavigate. Virtual wallet is a nice touch.
A flop for Amazon I was excited to get my fire phone, it sounded like a great device! Pretty much immediately I discovered that many of the apps I had been used to using on my Galaxy were not available for fire phone :( Uber, Target, Wal-Mart, Ibotta, Nike, etc. I should have returned it, but I have been sticking it out for a year and a half now, with old, outdated apps (because there are no updated versions for the fire phone) I can no longer get Instagram. No videos on Facebook will play. There are many times that my phone shuts off on its own for no reason.
love it I don't know what all the low reviews are for this phone is amazing I got it when it was on sale and I would have to say it's well worth the 200 dollars. people always compare this to other ios devices instead of seeing the phone for what it really is I find it to be amazing for what it can do yea the app market is limited but as to what I do it has all the apps I use anyways I always make sure to check the app market before I buy a new phone so it dosnt come as a surprise later.
Yes! No Google non-sense I really like this phone. Very user friendly. Like I said in my header no google non-sense. All my previous phones were littered with google this google that, all draining the battery through out the day. However you will miss out on some apps, like Bank of America as an example. I will live without some apps to have a full charge when I get off work. One notable problem I currently have is the music player will not play songs after the phone sits, so I have to restart pretty much every time I get in my car or I'm at work, kind of annoying. Any help on that subject would be appreciated. Pros- No google play Very cool 3D display Very user friendly, many new features. All your amazon stuff right on the phone. Long battery life. Cons: Not able to get all the apps I don't like the glass back, mine cracked after a month.
The not ready for prime time phone This phone has a lot of cool features but in my experience the battery life stinks, navigation is difficult and the apps have an unfinished feel. This may be a great phone someday but someday is not here yet.
Five stars because I only have one gripe with this ... Five stars because I only have one gripe with this phone, the screen doesn't come back on after it goes off when making a phone call.
Fire Phone So far, still trying to learn this. But, it is nice.
Best phone period!! This phone is the best available. The phoney comments about battery life are nonsense. It lasts longer than IPhone. The features are tops and the technology is trendsetting. Be sure to get the 64MB, and enjoy Amazon's many things they begin to see as the future of phone.
While I'm not especially pleased this issue has not yet been resolved since the ... While I'm not especially pleased this issue has not yet been resolved since the week I've first reported it (and I'm surprised this is not an easy fix), Dean was both polite and professional (not to mention patient: I have spoken to a number of other non-Amazon reps of late, and they all seem eager to argue and interrupt: not the case with Dean or any of the other Amazon reps I've been in contact with, so thank you for that, too). He also seemed quite honestly and thoroughly happy with his thankless 4-day weekend work schedule.
My First Smartphone! All these years, I've watched the rise of cell phone technology as it exploded into what it is today, but I could never afford one until recently, and wouldn't have been able to make a choice from the thousands on the market anyway. When I saw that this Fire Phone was being offered for just 99¢ (with the 2-year contract), I figured that now would be the best time to jump into the fray, considering my love of ordering from Amazon! Couldn't believe how quick and painless the whole process was, and it arrived in two days, with all the set-up already programmed into it! In the week I've had it, there've been no difficulties, just a whole lot of fun exploring its capabilities as I load up on all the coolest free (or at least cheap) apps I can find! This thing is like the ultimate Swiss Army Knife, and I predict all manner of improvements to my lifestyle, now that I'm officially a member of the 21st century.
Simple features .. I actually kinda like my fire phone but some of the simple features of a phone are missing. I wish that you would do something so that I can have a background and a lock screen picture. The lack of ringtones and the ones that come on the phone are also a down side but there are also a lot of great things about the phone too. Like the dynamic perspective is amazing.and I love the three dimensional maps. I really like this phone but I would love this phone a lot more if you could just fix some of the simple things.
Needs Newer Apps Amazon OS works great but needs the apps that are newer. I would like to be able to play some games found on Android devices.
Love Amazon, but will not purchase another Fire Phone again I have now had the phone for 4 months. Here is my review thus far: PROS: -Does basic, necessary phone functions (i.e. call and text) sufficiently -Lightweight yet seemingly durable. I'm not one to drop my phone often or have other accidents, but the phone has survived the few drops I have had without any visible damage -Headphones that come with it are awesome; significantly more comfortable and better sound quality than the ones Apple provides -Camera's picture quality is very good when it wants to be -Was expecting the Firefly to be a gimmick and not very effective, but has actually been a pretty neat and semi-useful feature for song, show, and product identification -Longer battery life than what I am generally accustomed to -Added year of Prime CONS: -Dynamic perspective is a gimmick and entirely pointless. Also, will completely destroy battery life so I have it turned off -Phone will fail to notify me of missed calls, new texts, and voicemails (there is discrepancy between Amazon and AT&T over who's at fault for the voicemail issue. I spoke with both companies, and each one blames the other) -Web browser has been quite slow as of late, failing to load pages and has difficulty playing videos. Also, browser often will not modify the web-page to fit the screen which would be fine if it would allow me to scroll left and right, but it often does not -Camera is incredibly inconsistent. There are times it is great, but often the auto-focus does not work properly causing blurry photos. This inconsistency has rendered the "quick-snap" button on the side of the phone, almost pointless. -Linking accounts, such as Gmail and Amazon, for contacts displays multiple, duplicate contacts with the same name and number which is incredibly annoying. You have to manually choose which account you want your contact list to correspond with in order to minimize said duplicate contacts. It would be nice to see them auto-integrate. -Phone force closes apps too often -If your battery is low, it will constantly let you know with a vibrate and big pop-up display. For example, yesterday my phone hit 15% while I wasn't on it so it vibrated. I checked the phone and saw that was the notification so I closed the pop-up and began using my phone. About 10 seconds later, it notified me again; I close the pop-up, continue using my phone, and about 30 seconds later, it notified me AGAIN. Worst part is, I contacted Amazon and they said there is no way (as of now) to modify the battery's notification settings. -App store not as extensive as Google Play or Apple. This isn't too big of an issue because you can side-load missing apps onto the phone, but this puts you at risk for downloading viruses, and the apps you do download won't auto-update; you have to search for updated versions. (Missing apps that I would like to see in the Amazon App Store: YouTube, Snapchat, Adobe Reader, and Google Maps) -My device requires a restart/shutdown once a day to continue running smoothly; if not, phone will freeze or become annoyingly glitchy/slow at some point Conclusion: Don't choose this phone. I'm a huge Amazon fan, so I wanted to like this phone, but I just can't. There are much better devices out there to choose from. They aren't going to be at the 99 cent price point like the Fire, but you are likely to be more satisfied spending the extra $100 or so for a superior device.
good first attempt......eagerly awaiting next-generation Real nice features and lots of potential for the dynamic display and firefly.... it's something new to the market and I love the change from iPhone 5s ....the screen is the right size. Amazing earphones. Just waiting for more apps on the appstore....
So far the phone is really great. The only issue I have with it is ... So far the phone is really great. The only issue I have with it is the camera button on the side. Any time it is in my pocket, I seem to hit this button and it takes it out of screen lock. I am sure this will be fixed in a later update. Overall I recommend this phone, especially if you shop on Amazon.
I wanted to love this phone I wanted to love this phone. I can't. I can't use the apps I love-- Target Cartwheel, Locately, Youtube, etc... and now I can't play the audio books I check out from the library. It makes me sad that a company I typically love has been such a disappointment when it comes to this device.
This phone is GREAT I may not be the most advanced in the technology department, but what limited knowledge and skills I have, I would rate this phone beyond excellent. Regardless of all the things that the phone does not do, have, or functioning capabilities, what it does have works great for me and the customer service is by far the most outstanding quality associated with this phone. Way to go Amazon....we are all entitled to our opinions but I would recommend this phone to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!
Like a Kindle Fire in phone form Cons: Does not have speed dial with the number pad The voice speed dial option is only available when connected to the internet Voice mail is only available when connected to the internet Limited apps (really, no Where's My Droid?) Edit: The phone when not on speaker has to be directly in front of the mouth. In past phones, the phone could hang by my chin, and sound would still be fine. I am told I can't be heard at all when the speaker isn't directly in front of my lips. Since the phone is heavy, it is inconvenient to hold it at an angle, rather than straight up and down. This is a pretty big deal, so I changed from 4 stars to 3. Pros: It synced everything with my Amazon account seamlessly Easy to use and understand Fun phone to play with I can download movies and audible books from my Amazon account Speaker phone works well Pictures automatically upload to my Amazon cloud The Find function on Amazon
but I believe this phone is for us Amazonians and not just a regular smart phone user I plan on getting the phone now that its .99. I have read all the awful reviews, but I believe this phone is for us Amazonians and not just a regular smart phone user. Those of us who have Prime accounts on our PC's or Kindle Fire's are those who will understand and take advantage of this type of opportunity.
I wanted to love you, but you're so bad I can't even put you in the friend zone. I'm giving the Fire Phone 3 stars as of now. I bought the Fire because my iPhone 5 screen basically exploded. At the time I couldn't afford a new phone outright and when my screen broke the back case was also damaged so it was not cost effective to repair. Being an avid Amazon user with a Fire HD and a prime account I knew about the Fire Phone. I loved my Apple but always was curious to try something a bit different. The one thing that kept me tethered to the iPhone was iTunes, but Amazon made it easy to transfer my library to the Amazon music player. So I took the leap and got the Fire, as a matter of fact my wife did too. Now a couple months into owning it, and having the new gadget euphoria wear off, I think it is time for a review. Cosmetically this phone is the best out there. Period. It looks and feels far more durable than any iPhone I have owned. The only phone that would beat it in durability would probably be my old Nokia brick from about 1997. That literally survived being run over but there wasn't much in the way of apps for it. The phone is sleek and sturdy and has the right amount of heft to it. Now that I got that part out of the way..on to functionality. The music player..well, after transferring my iTunes library to the Amazon player a lot of my songs wouldn't migrate. That isn't the phone's fault..that is the stupid DRM that Apple used to include on EVERYTHING. Gotta find an easy way to strip that junk out so I can load my ENTIRE library. Anyways, onwards...the music app is itself meh. No the one thing they need to do to it is make it possible to have it always list your music by artist. Yes, you can change it for that immediate use, but whenever you open the app again it always defaults to organizing by album name. I'm sorry, but 99% of the time I have no clue what the name of the album is, but I KNOW who the artist is. Organizing by artist should be the default, or at least give us a way to change the default to artist, not album. Also..every other time I go to change songs or whatever the Amazon version of Siri opens up and kills my music. Why is this happening? Annoying to the max. The silk browser..if you have a Kindle Fire you know how it goes. It's a pretty nice browser, decent speed, and I've only found a few websites that just plain don't work on it. Now...the Facebook app. I don't know if these issues are to do with the phone or the app but damn...would it be so hard to put a 'Close' button on the corner of a picture or video? The stupid swipe thing to get out of a picture took me a few days to learn, and honestly, it's stupid because you have to swipe just right or the picture won't close. So you look like a fool swiping the crap out of a picture, like you're stroking it or something. Just put in a close button and fix that nonsense. The Firefly button...for the love of God eliminate that thing on future versions. I am so sick of inadvertently pushing it. It is absolutely maddening when I'm listening to music in the car and go to lock the screen and the stupid firefly crap fires up. Just leave it as an icon on the screen and eliminate that button. Overall the phone is ok. It's not awesome. I wanted it to be awesome, the wife and I are the only people we know that even have it and most people never even heard of it. It has some bugs, it is a tad slow, especially on start up. It will bog down and get a bit jumpy on occasion. But it is built well and looks great. I wish Amazon would open some sort of direct line with Fire Phone owners so we can report bugs and recommend fixes. Oh..and good luck looking up issues about the phone. Since everything Amazon sells is labeled Fire you will be sorting through thousands of articles related to the Kindle before you find one that is relevant to the phone. Update 3/14/15: Ok, now that I've REALLY had to live with this phone I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt, don't bother. Really. The bugs in this phone couldn't be killed by the best of exterminators. This thing locks up, is slow, doesn't do what you want it to do, has HORRIBLE bluetooth music streaming, the screen will randomly turn on even though you never touched it, the stupid camera turns on by itself, that firefly button becomes even more infuriating as time goes on, and the lock/power button decides when it wants to work. And today it decided that the top half of the screen wasn't a touchscreen anymore. You know, the half that has the phone, email, text messaging, and facebook apps. So the phone rendered itself useless and required three restarts to get it working again, which was a whole bunch of fun itself (did I mention the lock screen/power button decides when it wants to work?). So yeah..really I wanted to love you, I would have settled for just liking you, but Fire Phone, I can't even put you in the friend zone now. You suck. I wish I never left Apple and as soon as I'm eligible I will be running back to the iPhone.
Amazon Fire Phone is worth a try. I love this phone. I'm waiting for a Fire Phone 2. I've used every iPhone to the 3G to the 4G and I got fed up with them being overpriced and breaking one after one. I've had this phone for almost a year, and I couldn't be happier. It's a much higher quality device than the iPhone's. It's speedy, takes beautiful photos, and is the perfect size. I love Amazon, and I love this phone. I will definitely be purchasing Prime when my free for a year runs out. Please Amazon, don't halt production or plans on the Fire Phone. You can make it through Apple and Samsung in the consumer market. Don't rid of dynamic perspective either, the 3D lock screen is something I don't want gone in the next generation.
Good smartphone, needs working apps. I booked this phone in pre-launch offer. While the launch was scheduled on 25th July, I got the delivery on 24th evening. very good service as usual by Amazon. About the phone itself, just somehow manages satisfy requirements of high end smartphone. The phone specifications match those of other high end devices, however it has to be remembered that those other devices were launched 2 years back. The good: - I like the look and feel of it. Camera works great. - Face motion sensors and 3D games/wallpapers is amazing idea, however current choices are very limited. - 1 year free prime membership (justifies $ 199 pricetag) - Firefly, Mayday, cloud storage are nice to have features. The Bad: - App choice is limited compared to a standard android phone and few apps don't work properly. This is the biggest drawback. A phone is only as good as the apps it can offer. - Whatsapp doesn't work. - It keeps crashing every few hours. I've to reinstall it at least 3 times a day and I keep losing my unread and old messages when it crashes. I've friends and family in India and I'm heavy on whatsapp use. It is biggest drawback for me. Hope they correct this soon. - Sometimes, it feels like the phone is already giving me some drag while playing games. To summarize, Fire phone tries to distinguish itself more on services by offering prime, mayday, firefly, however Amazon needs to work on apps availability and they also need to ensure that those apps are WORKING!!
I hate having to have my MOBILE DATA on to get ... I hate having to have my MOBILE DATA on to get pictures in text messages. I HATE that the phone automatically and randomly connects to any wifi available, and has no real MANUAL option to turn that off. I hate that it doesn't accept GOOGLE PLAY apps and you have to download a separate app which them downloads google play apps. Overall, the best thing about the phone so far has been cloud storage, camera, using firefly occasionally, battery charge life is fantastic, and getting a free subscription to Amazon prime.
not as I was hoping , need to add underground app and other upgrades for this phone! Don't think so! I will say that if it has issues, and with a warranty for 1 year, which I do, but they send you a used yet refurbished phone, and I don't think so, and I kept my own. I have to say, for the price, it wasn't bad, but can do lots of things, but if you play games or watch movies, it gets hot and will get to be aggravating and shopping app after playing games may have still half battery life, screen gets very sensitive and uncooperative .....there's not 100 million navies or games and need to allow the free underground app for this phone asap.
sad I love my kindle, I was so excited over this phone. Biggest mistake ever! It shuts off, locks up, has stuff that will never be needed or used. Can only download from Amazon. Amazon doesn't have snap chat among others. Will never use anything else but my HTC's again. Big big disappointment.
I would NOT recommend this to a friend. Stick with Android or Apple. This is the second Amazon Fire Phone I have received, it was replaced under warranty, because I bought it in January of this year via the AT&T Next Plan. I was having issues with the first phone two days after purchase. The Sim card they gave me freaked out on my phone, it caused me to not be able to call out, or send texts at all. I could only receive calls, I could receive text messages but could not send any out. I could not get on the Internet, it could not access any of my apps at all. After that was fixed my phone was alright for about a month. Then it started messing up again. I did troubleshooting, And after doing a 40 sec. reset, taking off my screen protector and case Because I was told that the fire phone is so new that there's not enough data to support which case and screen protector are the best. And that those could be messing with the sensors and the phone. I was finally told that it was because of a preinstalled app on the phone. Meaning one of the apps installed on the phone before I purchased it. When I asked what app it was they said the troubleshooting just determined it was a preinstalled app but did not know which one was causing the issue. I ultimately ended up having to do a factory reset, and even that did not work. I am having the same problems as the previous phone and they are worse. I have already done the 40 second reset with this phone. Screen Blacking Out. Phone Cutting Off. Apps Freezing. Touch Screen Not Working. Messages Not Sending. Internet Browser kicking me off the internet, after freezing. Buzzfeed App. Not loading. Tumblr App freezing up, and not responding to closing this last ten days days. Being heard while my phone is on speaker or connected to the car stereo via Bluetooth is impossible unless my windows are up, the a.c. is off and I am leaned all the way in to the phone, as close it is to my ear when I use it handheld. Spotify App. Freezing and blacking out mid song. Firefly not working as an app. Not registering music at all. Amazon Music Player, not playing. Only loading continuously. Email apps not showing a new email has arrived. Email Apps Freezing, not sending, opening, deleting, or even typing the email out. Voice text disconnecting while the phone is connected to a network. Automated Suri like helper not working 7 times out of 10. Route and directions on maps app, freezing and erasing halfway to destination. Are a few of my problems. I would not recommend this to a friend. The best things about this phone, are the camera, the one year of prime free, the storage, and the access to Amazon music. But there are now Androids out with the same amount of storage. A better app market, and I'm fairly sure you can still access Amazon music.
LOVE the Fire phone! Haters should learn to use the phone before reviewing it... I switched to this phone from an iPhone 3gs. I know it was out dated. I've never a smartphone other than the iPhone. I absolutely love the fire phone! I was very hesitant to get this phone after reading some reviews out here, but this was the phone I kept coming back to. My hubby finally told me to just get it already! Lol some of the complaints I have read could easily be solved by visiting an att store and getting a tutorial on how to use the phone. I bought in store, instead of onaAmazon, and our att rep was excellent! He showed how to use the phone. I've read several complaints that you cannot go back to your news feed after you click on a photo in Facebook... yes, you can. You swipe up from thebbottom to the top of the phone. I've also read that there is not a Google app... yes, there is. It's right there in the app store plain as day. The dynamic perspective is very cool! I have yet to use firefly. I love this phone. If you have one or decide to get one, either follow the tutorials or go into a store and actually learn how to use the phone before placing a review.
It's not bad, I like it It's not bad, I like it! It could be better! I think it shouldbe more privacy on the Carousel or at least give you the option, I wish I could have emoji's, I know it's not an iPhone but some phone could still get them! I'm a big picture taking person so I love the picture quality on the front and back cameras! I love the fact that at anytime of the day I could call my mayday people lol I use them a lot! I love my prime, let's me watch movies etc, borrow books 2 day shipping! I also think I should be able to have the option to get my notifications other than email phone calls and messages on my lock screen! But other than that love it, but this phone it's for everyone!
AMAZON FIRE PHONE IS A HIT! I love this phone! This is the first such device I have ever purchased, and I recommend it to anyone who might be challenged by some of the new technology available to consumers. Easy to use and navigate, one of the best features on this device is the phone. The buttons are larger and make it easier to use. The text feature is also great, and almost types the words itself. Amazon, and its partner with this device, AT&T, have a wonderful duo to help consumers stay more connected than ever. GREAT JOB.
I think I'm going to love this phone! I just got this phone last week, and I'm just familiarizing myself with it. But I think I'm going to love it. I never owned a smart phone before, so it does take time to get use to. I called to request the owners manual on the first day that I turned it on, and received it in my e-mail within 5 minutes. The instructions so far are quite easy. Its working out great. Now I can bug my daughter with too many text messages. Pay back is a beach!
The apps available for the phone are limited and of ... The apps available for the phone are limited and of little variety and compatibility with the ones I was able to use in Apple iPhone. The way the calendar works is very inconvinient since it is not an actual app on the phone. And does not sync with invitations interactively, sometimes not at all. The fire fly however is innovative and so is the mayday feature.
Awesome phone! For .99 cents!! Got my phone today and I am loving it!!! I've been on it for a few hours now and it is not hot like others complained about. Use your own judgement when deciding on this phone. I had a droid razor and I like this phone better! The camera is outstanding as well. Also impressed with AT&T so far. Pricing is better than what I had at US Cellular. By far. You can't beat the prime membership either! This phone rocks!
I bought this phone thinking since I absolutely love my Amazon Kindles & love ordering through Amazon I bought this phone thinking since I absolutely love my Amazon Kindles & love ordering through Amazon, I thought their phone would be a good purchase, especially with the Mayday app! Wrong!! The Amazon Phone doesn't work for me. Was not able to transfer phone numbers to car. Many popular apps don't work on this phone. Mayday service isn't really familiar enough with phone to answer most tech question on how to..... or why...... I am not a techie person so it took me awhile to figure out the apps that don't work on this phone like the apps I used to use on my previous phone (AT&T HTC One phone)! Phone looks good, camera is good, but I certainly wouldn't recommend anyone purchasing it until there are better upgrades! I'm sorry I bought it and now I'm stuck! Amazon needs to desperately upgrade this phone fast in order to satisfy the customers they now have & with hopes of getting new customers!!
Five Stars Awesome phone! I really recommend all amazon's products.
Fire... something I, too, wanted to love my Amazon Fire phone, but the App store is tragically disappointing, and its basic capacity to be a PHONE is at times lackluster. I will answer a call only to discover that the other caller can't hear me, or I can't hear them (less often). I miss the camera of even my old Galaxy S3. The video and music playback are convenient and enjoyable, but almost used an entire months data by auto downloading media before I navigated my way deep enough into the program to change its settings. I sent weeks with my data turned off to conserve the data and avoid fees. Physically, the phone feels solid, and I actually trust it not to break or crack so far. I frequently drop it or toss it across the room onto light surfaces, or bash into things with it in my pockets. Really, though, I could forgive this phone all it's flaws if they would just up their app store game!! Come on, Amazon!
Need more apps Very disappointed that there's not an app. for Bank of America. I'm still learning about the phone, but it's really nice to have live help when you need it. I also like that I can read my Kindle books anywhere.
but I found a very nice case on Amazon for $12 regularly priced at $32 I was afraid after reading the reviews about the phone because I failed to read them before ordering. To the people with complaints or future buyers, watch the tutorial when you power on your phone. It makes using your Amazon so much easier and those that don't fully understand hit MAYDAY and there's a live rep that you can see at their desk to assist you, that had to be the coolest... however I found that the phone does get hot but that's when my battery is at its lowest level.. but I found a very nice case on Amazon for $12 regularly priced at $32...oh yeah it comes with 1yr free PRIME..Overall I love this phone
Love the mayday Wish u had an app that had a direct phone and text contact. Also wish it was bigger. Love the mayday!
It was great for a while It was great for a while. Unfortunately the Amazon app store is so terrible for phone apps, you can't even search for facebook and find it. You have to search for other things like Twitter for facebook. Most apps that everyone uses are not available. You can sideload google play store anymore. Really loved it 2 years ago but it's pretty obsolete with most phone carriers. Gave it to my kid to play on. Still takes nice pics :-)
I have a Amazon Fire tablet which is my favorite go to for things to look up I have a Amazon Fire tablet which is my favorite go to for things to look up. Then I thought to my self this would be cool if it was a phone. But then amazon came out with phone just like a tablet and the things I do on my phone automatically sync to my tablet how cool is that that's why I gave it a five-star!
New to Smartphone - Loved it, Returned it - Bought it Again UPDATE: October 13: Contrary to what I'd read and experienced with the first phone the contacts can be transfered from the Samsung Brightside feature phone to the Fire, as well as all my photos. It just takes someone who knows what they are doing. I could barely hear on the first phone, but this one is different as I can hear well. New to Smartphone, but I do like this phone. I am still in the learning process. Although the phone was $99 I somehow ended up paying the $549 price with a two year contract! ATT is slick, so beware. No problems with the phone, but I've used it very little, however, sometimes I cannot get a connection or I run into dead space where no calls can be made. I believe this is related to coverage, not the phone. ATT sells a micro cell tower for use at home to get better connection (around $300+.) I didn't buy it. I will honor the contract, but hopefully, Fire Phone will be available on Verizon after contract ends. I never had connection issues with Verizon, plus I question ATT business practices. Really like the Fire, though. UPDATE: August 29: I was on the phone today with three different AT&T employees and received as many explanations, none the same. Just returned from vacation and had a bill for $164.19, the reason for my call to AT&T, for less than 14 days service. One rep said account had "zero balance" then lost connection to him and he didn't return the call, and when I phoned back I was told my balance was $119 and change by a different rep with very thick accent, but don't know what I was charged for. I did receive a restock charge after being told there would be no such charge. I am disappointed and really want the phone, but am scared of AT&T. Their billing is confusing, and so are their employees. The letter I wrote came back as undeliverable. Hard to nail this company down on mailing address, but have resent letters to other addresses and hope to get a response. Just don't see why I should have to pay $119 or $164 for less than 14 days of service. UPDATE August 11: Sadly I am returning my phone today. I went to the AT&T store yesterday to inquire about the Mobile Package (I was getting texts from AT&T to complete setup)and was told it is "automatically" added with purchase of new service. I was horrified as I was unaware of this being added to my plan, had no paperwork to justify it, and disgusted I did not have the option to decline it, however, I had seen a paper that was checked with the word "Declined" but it was not with the paperwork I received. It was the attitude and treatment of the personnel that was upsetting to me, and visions of previous AT&T service ran through my head. I asked to see the paperwork where the service was ordered and was told by the two staff present "There is no paperwork, either you want the service or you don't, and if you don't want it you can cancel it." I said so AT&T can add any service to my account without my knowledge, and was told "Yes." I said that did not sound right, but the sales person got huffy. No manager was available so I left. I went to another store at a different suburb and he directed me to another store at a further suburb. It was at that final store that I was told the AT&T stores with the AT&T logo that had "Authorized Retailer" under the name were not AT&T employess and AT&T has no control over them. In fact, "They just want to make sells and can perform the business any way they want to." I had no idea, but to me, it explains all the complaints about the AT&T service. I was unable to return my phone to either of the two additial stores I visited and was instructed to mail it back to where it came from. This morning I dialed 611 as instucted at the second store I visited if I chose not to drive to the corporate store (the third store), and cancelled my service. I found it interesting that the operator (very pleasant and kind) told me I could return the phone to any of their corporate stores. Seems even the employees of AT&T are confused. Anyway, I have repackaged my beloved phone for return today. I was also told I would not be charged a restocking fee, but was not told how my account would be credited. Guess I'll just have to wait. (At the corporate store I was told I would have to pay a restocking fee, hmmm.) I wish AT&T would monitor the stores selling under their brand. The phone has some quirks, people, but nothing so serious as not to keep it (except for AT&T service.) Yes, it became very hot as I talked and I didn't like that I had to hold it next to my hear (even with the speaker on and volume up), but during a 26 minute talk the phone cooled. Driving to the other two stores was 3 hours roundtrip for me, just too far to have to go to an AT&T corporate store, and I refuse to step foot into the "Authorized Retailer" AT&T store again. I know it will cost me to cancel service and return the phone, but it is worth it to rid myself of the AT&T drama. My life is complicated enough. I MISS MY PHONE, and I purchased such nice accessories. ORIGINAL REVIEW: This is my first Smartphone so I cannot give a technical review. It is unfortunate that most of the negative reviews are from people who don't even own the phone, or want primarily to use the phone to play games, and did not give usable reviews. I am glad I decided to make my own decision to buy the phone. There is a learning curve if you are new to using a Smartphone. Apps are nice, but the most important thing for me is to be able to use the phone as a phone! Unfortunately, information to using it as such is scant even in the user manual (which I printed), then later found it is also available on the phone. I like the printed copy. I can barely hear when making calls or listening to voicemail, and cannot figure out how to turn the speakphone on. I can hear downloaded music fine, but wish I could figure out how to use it as a speaker phone when using voice. This issue is not addressed in the user guide. I tried using with the earbuds, but did not receive any better sound or volume quality with them. I like the weight of the phone. I suspect the battery runs down fast because of my exploration of the phone in learning to use it, but I think it recharges quickly. I was unable to transfer my contacts from my feature phone, the Samsung Brightside, and will have to enter each contact manually, which is unfortunate. I also like the Dynamic Perspective. I have been unable to get the camera and Firefly to work, but figure I am doing something wrong so will continue trying. The sales personnel at AT&T failed to tell me they did not have the phone available, (even though I was in the store 4 times before I made the purchase), and essentially deceived me about the service by omission. Before I signed with AT&T they said I would get a federal employee/retiree discount and possibly waiver of the activation fee, but when I went to sign-up I discovered those discounts were not immediately available. (I sent a letter to At&T headquarters, but am now locked into a contract, but I like my phone and plan to keep it, sooooo... ) Also, they had little knowledge about the phone and really could not help me, so I am flying solo. I will use Mayday as needed, but need to try and figure things out more on my own. I've used Mayday twice, with mixed results. I wish the author of the user guide did not presume everyone has knowledge of how to use a Smartphone, and need really basic instruction, but hope I will figure it out soon. All-in-all I think it is a nice phone and am glad I purchased it. Having to go with AT&T was almost a deal breaker, but things change and I am hoping for better service this time around. However, I received an e-mail from AT&T thanking me for signing up for their Mobile Protection Pack. I did not sign up for such a pack (have no idea what it is) and asked that they not bill me for it. I hope I will not have to battle with them. Their service is expensive enough without adding unnecessary costs. I've already received a couple of updates and feel confident Amazon will make the necessary improvements. I think the phone deserves a chance. Good luck.
It's a good phone. I love my kindle fire so I was pretty happy with this phone. The battery life is also a big plus along with the being able to access Amazon. The only thing I can nit pick on is the the keyboard but it's not a big deal.
love this phone it is really differnt i do have ... love this phone it is really differnt i do have some ups and downs with it i just know that there are update coming out soon that will fix the little issue, i just hope they make another fire phone they will understand the mistake they made hear
Dynamic perspective is not as advertised. This phone is great in many ways. The pictures, including even the ones I take, are fantastic. But, the "dynamic perspective" is, as they say, a legend only in Amazon's mind. I found it difficult to work & found out only after 15 minutes with a help rep, that it certainly doesn't work as advertised--i.e., there's hardly any 3d & you have to work really hard to find & set it up. Actually, I still haven't gotten it to work properly, I'm just tired of talking to their help folks, although they are very nice and as helpful as they can be. I guess I'll call again tomorrow & try yet again to figure how--or if--this works. This is a major disappointment, as the 3d feature, as advertised, was one of the main reasons I bought the phone.
Thumbs Down !! Before I start, I want to mention that I bought 2 of these phones for 2 users in my mobile share data plan and we saw the same behavior for both the phones that were sent to us. So this should be universally true. Pros: Dynamic perspective, Firefly and Mayday are all exceptional and out of the box products Cons: Below is an entire list 1. The sound from the speaker of the phone is not clear, crisp and loud the way it is in other smart phones. 2. After getting this phone and using it for the entire week, I have heard from a number of people that my voice is breaking or there is a disturbance on my end. This never happened when I was using my samsung S4 3. The apps keep on crashing again and again. I have installed Whats App and Good more than 5 times but it still behaves the same way. 4. Worst part: After using the phone for just 5-10 minutes (just browsing various apps) you'll feel the phone turning warmer I am a huge fan of Amazon and hence I want for this product but for me it was a complete letdown by the makers. We appreciate smart and cool features but not at the cost of sacrificing the basic functionality of the product. Will return it to AT&T and go for HTC One M8 or Iphone 5S
No Regrets, Give Fire Phone a Chance! I just purchased this phone yesterday, and without having it a full 24 hours, I've already pretty much figured out how everything works. Before buying this phone, I was was strictly and iPhone user. I got an iPhone 4S back in 2010, and I've never felt the urge to get on the bandwagon of upgrading to the latest phone, simply because I don't really see any real differences that would make me want an iPhone 5. I've ignored most of the iOS upgrades, because they were more annoying to me than anything and never really offered anything new. I've been in the market for a new phone for a while, because although iPhone has suited me well, and does all I need it to do, it's a bit lacking when it came to screen size and sound quality. I was considering getting a Samsung Galaxy S5, but when I found out Amazon was coming out with this Fire phone, I decided to look into it. To be honest, I wasn't severly dependent on the iPhone's ecosystem, so I felt no real loss there. I'll admit that it is annoying that I can't transfer my songs and playlists to this phone, but it's not a deal killer. For those complaining about it not having Google Play, don't you think that would be one of the first things you ask about or look into before you purchase it? Again, I don't rely on a phone's ecosystem to get me through the day, so if you don't either, then this is the perfect phone for you. It's simple and easy to use once you go through the tutorial, you get a free year of Amazon Prime, which can be used to stream thousands of songs and playlists for free, and I just discovered today that you will get a one month free subscription to Beats Music, which I love, because I'm all about music streaming. I also love the two speakers it has, at both the top and bottom of the phone; they really enhance the quality of the sound. I think if you take the phone for what it is upfront, you won't be disappointed. I don't have any regret switching over to Fire Phone. Like many others have said, this is the first version and there are still kinks that need to be worked out, but it all comes with time.
Now I have a phone that covers what I was missing out on with Android and iPhone. Ok, I have owned Android phones for a while. My brother in law loves iPhones. I personally don't. But I think this does a great job of bridging the gap. Love the size. It's not heavy and it's not a giant brick either. The S5 is a bit big so this is a good compromise in size between the Samsung and the iPhone. The microphone is a little tricky since it is a small one and I have a tendency to put my hand on it. The system is easy to use and has some cool features. I don't use the Firefly feature much if at all but I can see the use and it works great. I tried it a few times and never had a problem. The camera button on the side, just great! And the pictures are clear and vibrant. There is no Google playstore on this but the Amazon App store has most everything and it is getting more every day. The headphones take getting used to. I don't like the way they feel. Gave them to my son. He loves them. They are neat, no tangle and magnetic for when you want to put them away or only use one ear, you can attach them to each other. But they are not comfortable in the ear without a lot of work to situate them. The Dynamic Perspective is great. Though there are not enough apps with that ability but I expect that will change quickly now that it has been released. Carousel is great. well done. Pros: size picture quality ease of use sleak design average battery life (same as the other guys, no shock there) No useless apps preinstalled. For those of us that don't use twitter or instagram etc, they aren't installed so you don't have to take up space with stuff you don't want. Voice recognition is better than the Samsung installed versions lots of storage tutorial on how to use the phone Mayday function is great and works like a charm!! you can change the order of your apps but not the background color Cons: Lack of apps with dynamic perspective but that changes quickly No Google aps but you can add your gmail to the email and it works fine. They have mapquest and it works better than google maps anyway. But it takes getting used to. No SD card slot. But there is storage online and large storage on the phone, so its not too bad. cannot categorize your installed aps like you can with Samsung but you can rearrange them Overall, a great phone. Not perfect but far better than either the iPhone or the Android phones.
camera only takes good pics half the time I absolutely cannot stand this phone, it has way too many glitches. its freezes up non stop, then I have to restart it. the keyboard goes blank all the time which makes me have to restart it as well. photos and videos cannot be shared half the time because it says the file is too big. camera only takes good pics half the time. im very disappointed I wish I would've stayed with my iphone
phone was crushed by car. I didn't have deal with it any more The best thing to report about my fire phone is. It was ran over by a car and destroyed
Its ok I have the amazon fire phone, I like it but I wish amazon would have made software to make it easy to get photo's off the phone. I still haven't figured it out. And the app store is limited. There are many apps I used on my iphone, that they have on google play, but not in the amazon store. That kind of bummed me out. If they can fix the syncing made easy and taking off my photo's with easy like the iphone did, I would give it clearly a 5 star review.
It is good only as a phone and can do some things ... Do not get this phone if it becomes available again. The list of available apps is dismal. My banking app just quit supporting it and now the Facebook app is not even available. It is good only as a phone and can do some things online but don't expect to be able to get a deal in a store by downloading an app. Most of the developers are not including this in their list of smartphones. Also had some very poor customer service experiences with AT&T and Amazon regarding this phone. Can't wait until my contract is finished with it.
This phone is on FIRE! After six years I am officially a former iPhone owner! The Amazon Fire has lived up to my expectations and beyond. I expected difficulty in switching from the Apple operating system to an android system, but it was a breeze! Except for some unavailable apps, which will soon be available, the fire phone has everything the iPhone had to offer and some additional, exciting features. Dynamic perspective, 32 gig out-of-the-box, scrolling with the tilt of your hand, and Free Amazon prime for year just to name a few!
an awesome android phone that can't use android apps is pretty useless No Google apps. No Google maps, no chrome, no Starbucks app, or any of the 1.2 million apps available in Google play. Any app that says available in Google play? Can't get it. No matter all the other wonderful things this device can do, they are useless with out the android apps. It's built on android but doesn't connect to most android apps?????? Ridiculous. I really regretting purchase. I hope that Amazon listens to customers. I am sooooooooo disappointed. I was really excited about the phone
Disappointed ... Disappointed that I had to reinstall and purchase apps again. Disappointed Fire censors my apps and does not support my previous apps. Disappointed in the. Difficulty I experience in using the product. I replacing it with a Samsung 6.
This phone isn't terrible It's not terrible, but it's not terrific either. It's got a few great things about it: great camera, great calls, fantastic customer service (outstanding really, mayday button is genius). I'm afraid the downfall of this phone is that lack of apps. I've used it for a little over a year and I can't tell you how many times I have went to download an app just to be disappointed. Examples: YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, etc. Can't get those apps. It makes for a great e-reader but it's basically just a kindle with calling capabilities. There are other phones worth your time. I don't even know if they sale this anymore. Will keep it around my house as an extra device.
Gave my brand new Galaxy S6 back for Amazon I typically don't write reviews but I feel like this phone has a bad wrap. Today I literally returned my galaxy S6 to return to this. I used to love my S3 and S4, S5 was disappointing, S6 in my opinion is awful. The screen is the only thing that made the S6 worthwhile. It's beautiful, that's where it ends. The huge advantage to the galaxy was the removable and swappable battery, hiking, camping what have you a backup was available. Now the battery that you cannot switch would die in less than an 8 hour day. I got so fed up with charging my phone throughout the day I had to return it. If they wanted to follow iPhone and remove all the features that made them unique I will gladly return to Amazon, where my internal battery lasts morning to night. Email is easy to navigate, folders are organized. Amazon doesn't feel the need to change what gestures or buttons to. My items are quickly backed up without 58 different background applications asking for access to all my information, how many times do you need to accept terms? Amazon may be invasive, but they're quiet about it. Let me link my Google account to my Samsung account to my cloud back up, oh wait can Facebook access my Samsung account and see my Google information? Not now? every 5 minutes until you say accept? Ok, now every task I try to perform I have to select from 15 different applications that can open that one file, but I clicked the wrong one! Now I have to navigate through the bajillion settings so that I can say oops I always want Adobe to open my PDFs.... ugh I'll keep my Amazon phone over that uncomfortable polished gem, I think they make it as slippery as possible to ensure you drop it to buy accessories or ultimately a replacement. That is my daily rant, why Amazon fire phone is the best phone today.
very happy with my phone! I bought mine from the AT&T store in town, after turning down the Apple 5 and Windows phones. I have no interest in Androids. I had seen the commercials on TV and was intrigued. I rarely buy based on a commercial/advertisement without doing research first. The big advantage I saw was I have a Kindle with books loaded, and they synched right up to my phone, which really made my day (I don't like complicated stuff). I don't understand the one complaint about over complicated navigation because I don't see that at all. I have yet to open a book about the phone or call Mayday because I am stuck. "Mediocre battery life" was another problem someone sited. I charge my phone once a day and have sent texts, used apps, read my books without issue. I love the wallpaper that changes daily (I get to go around a couple of offices and share) and the clarity, which is up there with the Kindle. Although I have lost some of my apps, I found a couple Android replacements (FREE) that were better than the ones I have on my iPhone. I have been and will continue to recommend this phone.
Love my phone Love my phone. It's quick. It does everything: I want and more. It's sleek. And stylish. Plus the accessories are good quality. Love the ear buds. They hug your ear and I can wear them for hours. The apps are good and aren't as expensive and other phones. Watching videos online is great quality. It's just a great phone. Ordering items from Amazon app is easy and it's rather quick I thought. And to top it off they gave me a year of Amazon Prime. Win win. So upgrade and get this phone. You will love it!!
still most powerful phone I have been using this phone since from more than 10 months, last week when I did benchmark on Antutu, PC Mark and Vellamo (Qualcom's) from Google play, I realise the power of phone, however it has never shown slowness so far. Really it still beats Samsung Galaxy S6 and Note 4 which are top in his list for Single Thread Integer and Floating point instruction. This is the best and most premium phone, premium hardware is used. More you use it, more you will be in love with it. One thing to add which is personal, as I have got habit of Carousel, I never feel comfortable in using any of Andoid L or M or any other launcher, tried most of best launchers, still they cannot compete Carousel view usage if you get use to it, In fact it provide you the best way to use it.
😊 This phone is a really great phone with great features and a really nice screen!!
love my fire phone I adore this phone and I have had it for several months now. I use it LOT. It's my only device currently, so all my internet related work and entertainment is done on this phone. I charge at night and it dies by the next night but I use it so much that it's justified. It doesn't get hot in my experience. The camera is good and, combined with the three pictures features and an awesome built-in photo editor the pictures come out amazing. I'm just really amazed and sad that it is no longer available.
Amazon "super user" is satisfied My husband calls me an "Amazon super user". I Kindle, I "amazon Music player", and otherwise, I do 10-30% of all monthly purchases off of AMazon. I have already been with AT&T a long while. When Amazon brought the price down to free with contract plus Prime Membership, I snapped it up. I am not tech savvy by any means, so am probably the average user of most phones.I purchased this Sept 15th. What I feel about the phone is complex, therefore, simply pros and cons wouldn't suit. LOVE- 1. Excellent 24/7 customer service. 2. One year of Free Amazon Prime I'm totally using to actually EARN money. 3. I like the battery life, so I'm listing it. But I've trained myself to use the lowest brightness setting near constantly for years now. (just read I could turn off Dynamic to save battery life. Sweet!) 4. Love playing and, yes, actually using Firefly. I use it to scan phone numbers and emails for contact info as well as items/barcodes. I comparison shop 10x faster with this built in software while in store! It "listens" to songs on the radio so I finally know the song (although I am now aware there is an app for this.) I consider this a strong PRO feature for me. 5. I love that there are various volumes to modify; Media vs ring tone. Also, love the "silent for 3 hours" option! Perfect for a movie or going to class. 6. When I do increase the brightness for media watching, it's a great bright crisp image. 7. The Restart option! Phones are more and more like an actual full blown computer these days, and every now and then, a restart keeps it running smoothly. The option to Restart rather than turn off, wait, manually turn on, wait is great for me. The turn around is quicker. That a phone should never need this seems over optimistic. 8. Like the fact that my emails are in the notifications under carousel. 9. I canceled my Netflix and will survive on prime TV. So, it was free a year, and saved me a year of NEtflix charges. Cha ching. 10. The home button has the best recording task do'er I've ever used. Call -that person-, email -that person-, text -that person-. the speech to text is also the best I've used. It has no trouble keeping up with 4-6 sentences of info with little error. 11. Like the Decline/Reject phone call buttons. Rather than swiping to ignore, one tap'll do ya. 12. Love the Voicemail- can delete without listening! Seriously! I'm anti voicemail though, so perhaps I'm the odd one for being enthused. NEUTRAL- 1. Dynamic Perspective: It's a gimmick. It's neat to show off, but does absolutely nothing functional for me. (will turn off.) Apparently great for some video games, but who plays full blown video games on such a small screen? 2. Navigation options: Swiping vs back button- Something to get used to, kinda weird they decided to branch off in this 3. direction, but acceptable. I don't use the "flick wrist" as it's an awkward motion that doesn't always work so why bother. 4. Satisfied with Size- if I don't want to do something on my phone, I have a kindle fire HDX in my purse most of the time anyway. I pretty much only use my Fire phone for extensive internet reading when there isn't Wifi available for Kindle. 5. I'm not a camera person; I am neither impressed or disappointed with the pictures it takes.I'm also a little confused how the cloud for pictures works; I got some notices that pictures had been uploaded without my inducing it to do so. But then have not received any notices for two weeks despite taking pictures. MILD ANNOYING-Not exactly cons 1. I wish the firefly button was separate from the camera button, as I accidentally turn it on every single time I try to use the camera. 2. Rarely, the swipe to move through multiple pages of icons is tricky. Cons- 1. Missing apps. Like, seriously. I expected some to show up in the month since purchase, but still no go. I seriously miss some apps- how can they not even have a good step counter app? If they hadn't had YNAB, I wouldn't have bothered getting it though. 2. Speaking of apps- the built in clock/alarm is not good. And I can't even remove it to boot, so moved it to the "bottom" of my app icons. There are a few other built in unremovable apps I've done the same to. HATE the built in Maps!!!!!! Downloaded Mapquest- hate it too. I now use the internet to indirectly get to Google Meps. This seriously ticks me off, Amazon. Don't force me to use your product if it comes nowhere near to what it's replacing. 3 Media Volume- it's not great! I think speaker location should be reconsidered because I have to be UP on that phone to watch a youtube video. 4. I don't like the lack of SIM card. I used the "transfer contacts app" and it still only brought over 60% of my contacts. I then had to manually enter in what I was missing. A month later, I am still re collecting numbers. 4. I find the "tilt to scroll" to be tricky and it sometimes activates when I'm changing my seated position; then I get to swipe all the way back up to the top of my internet page. Meh. Another reviewer said they couldn't use GMAIL on their phone- I use it just fine. Maybe they meant some aspects of GMAIL I don't use. Like their docs? I just use them as my primary email. Overall, I look forward to the second generation of this phone, and am satisfied with the first, although disappointed in areas. (APPS, geez!) I am the sort of person to use my phone till it's near dead. But now that I have a satisfying first gen, I can wait until then and then some for people to weigh in.
Naysayers: PLEASE! The negative reviews remind me that the generation we live in us a spoiled rotten one that throws a fit when they have to wait in line for their ten dollar Starbucks coffee. When I got this phone and turned it on to play with it, my jaw dropped. I have an iPad already so I went with the highly anticipated amazon kindle fire for my phone. It gets great reception where I live-which is hard to do since I'm in the country. I have had a blast with this device and sometimes I have to pinch myself that I own something so nice. It's perfect for me since I'm also addicted to books and to Amazon. The absolute only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because after having it for two weeks, I am already encountering annoying glitches when the phone is in sleep mode and I have to push the home screen button several times before it stops teasing me and turns on all the way. I don't have much downloaded on it, so this shouldn't be happening already. Oh well, it's still the best phone I've ever had. Great job amazon!
It would be a perfect phone if the phone part worked better. The apps and the smartphone part of the phone work flawlessly however, the actual phone needs to be improved. The microphone doens't seem to work as well as other phones. It's difficult to hear and the quality of the audio is poor. my wofe sounds like she's underwater half the time. Great phone, just need to work on the actual phone part.
... exctied to try this phone and really wanted to love it. I was drawn for a couple of ... I was really exctied to try this phone and really wanted to love it. I was drawn for a couple of issues, first the free year of Prime, I figured since I was already a Prime member it made the price of the phone reasonable. My old Iphone 4S was starting to have some issues so I was in the market and thought the features this phone offered would fit with my needs. I'll start with some of the positives as I don't want to sound like I just miss my Iphone. The larger phone and screen are very nice, as are the 3D graphics. I like the fact that when sending a text or email you can just run your fingers over the letters you want when typing instead of having to hit each letter individually. I really like the Firefly application though it is somewhat inconsistent and doesn't always work. The Amazon music is also a nice feature, although there are some issues with syncing to the vehicle blue tooth. It doesn't automatically start playing music, you have to open the application, go into downloaded music, go into play list etc.. way too many steps.. There are also several applicatons that are not accessible (I am assuming Google Apps ) and really wish the companies could reach some kind of agreement to allow access. Driving when trying to use the hands free help is also glitchy. If I ask for instance to dial someone in my contacts and I have both a cell number and a home number.. The "siri" will say would you like me to call the first # listed or the second # listed. If you try and clarify and say call the cell phone, "siri" will not recognize your command.. and say either speech not recognized, or I'm sorry would you like the first or second #.. The concept of the flick left or right to get to the various screens was also a great feature, however I have read some other reviews says it's inconsistent and I would have to concur. I have several other concerns, but I will address probably the largest one that I have last.. Text messaging.. When I first got the phone, I would not receive any of the text messages I received from I phone users, or they would show up on my old phone that was in my house. I went through Mayday ( a fairly good feature) to correct the problem , they talked me through disabling text feature on my old cell. However I sometimes still do not receive messages from people, this is especially true if I send out a group text.. Friends will ask if I got there response and my answer is usually no.. If I give my number to someone who is not currenlty in my phone, and they text me from a Iphone, I will not receive their message ever.. Very very frustrating.. I think the concept of the phone is great, but there are some major issues that need to be addressed, and now I am stuck with a phone for the next 2 years that I am really not happy with.. I wish I had waited for the second or third version to come out and upgraded my old phone. Sorry Amazon this one kind of missed the mark..
A uniquely different (in a good way!) phone. The Fire phone does the job. This phone has changed my whole perspective on what a smartphone should be. It's a revolutionary idea, with the four infa-red cameras using your body heat and then translating that into movement on the phone, to peek around things, and to just have fun with a new device. The Fire phone takes great pictures, and has lots of storage for all of your apps, photos, vidoes and in addition, has the Amazon cloud backup over wifi which enables you to have even more of an integrated experience. It's got a whole new take on the OS, which masters the Android, while making it unique in UI and touch and feel. If you want a whole new experience on a smartphone, the Amazon Fire Phone is your best bet.
I really like the Fire Phone I read lots of reviews and many of them were negative. But there were enough good reviews that I decided to go for it. Admittedly, the one year of Amazon Prime really closed the sale. Verdict? I really like the Fire Phone. It was easy to learn, very responsive, and the Mayday worked brilliantly. Fortunately I only had to use it once while getting started. Like with my iPhone, there are things about it I wish were different, but few enough that I found the Fire Phone fun to own.
Love the gimmicky features ... Hate the premature ecosystem I love the finesse of the device and was intrigued by the dynamic perspective but am going to return the device due to the following reasons: - too less applications in the store (I was originally ready to live with this but it's almost crippling to not have some of the most used apps like google hangouts, gmail, chrome, etc.) - the immersiveness of games using the dynamic perspective is not as great as I thought it'd be - hangs in many applications - performance is below average if you are a heavy user (like me) and switch between apps too often - no incognito mode for the default browser, also can't open more than 10 tabs on the native silk browser - Whatsapp like applications crash all the time - most of the gesture based operations "features" are not intuitive and may need some getting used to - the screen and the back are gorilla glass which is prone to finger prints which I hate and a screen protector is probably the only way out of it - the device gets too hot if you play any process-intensive game (temple run 2 in my case) - app drawer does not give ability to sort apps displayed alphabetically - the native email application is too primitive and inconspicuous - discharges too quickly, battery is below average for a phone of this hardware configuration - the firefly is just a gimmick which only helps if you are patient enough and operate in bright light
Five Stars I LOVE the phone and the Amazon support! I have upgraded to the family plan!
Stay far away Don't waste your money. You can't get all the apps you can get on Android phone. It has many glitches that can't be fixed. I ended up getting a be phone in less than a year. Don't waste your money!!!!!!
Amazon Fire phone is terrific! I am thrilled with my new Fire phone! Never having a smartphone before I wasn't sure what to expect. I do have the Kindle Fire HD & just love the 7-inch size - so I was sure that the new Fire phone would have all of the same great features I find on the Fire HD tablet. I'm still exploring this new phone - the only problem has been the setup between Amazon & AT&T. Since I am a senior & do have some disabilities - it was a problem - but the nice people at AT&T walked me through the connection process, since I wanted to keep my old cell phone number but disengage from Verizon. Also - I would like to suggest you show more of the very interesting "screen saver" pictures which appear when the phone is first turned on. These are beautiful & imaginative!
Love Amazon, But this phone is a FAIL. Unnecessay custom software, unintuitive UI. Old hardware in new packaging. It looks to me like Amazon made the same mistake that Microsoft did. They put resources into developing the basic phone but ignored what makes the iPhone and Android useful beyond what any smartphone can do: 3rd party apps. Yes, many if not most free/cheap apps are worth fairly little. I've proved that to myself when I had to hard reset my iPhone and didn't bother reinstalling them. However, there are half a dozen apps--for banking, network analysis (my job), discussion groups, a pedometer, GPS navigator, sun/moon pointer (for photography), Netflix, IMDB, plus two or three others--that I have come to depend on. Or at least, I've come to really appreciate the convenience of having them on my phone. I suspect I'm not unique in my apps availability requirement. Therefore...no matter how slick the phone, the phone OS, the built in apps, if it doesn't have mainstream support, it's not going to sell. Look at any magazine ad, TV spot, or other info source, and you'll see "Get our iPhone app" for everything. For a few less, you'll see Android apps. And that's about it. I used to see occasional Blackberry included. I can't remember the last Windows Phone app I saw. I've not yet seen a Fire app. If Amazon wants any chance, they need to do what Microsoft did not do. Find out the top 500 iPhone apps and pay the developers to offer a Fire version. Microsoft could have done that with the top 2,000 iPhone apps, and they might have sold some of their overpriced, underpowered tablets and even some phones. It's all about the apps. The rest is just window dressing. And after saying all of that...sorry Amazon, but this just won't do. It is way overpriced for the hardware you get. The specs are about what would be considered maybe upper mid-tier these days. Not flagship. The design is very ho-hum. Way too bland. Looks a little like a cross between an iPhone and a Nexus 4 and that's just not a great combination. The screen looks just okay. I don't understand why they went with this 3D gimmick. I believe there were some Android phones that felt the waters on that already a couple of years back and flopped. I guess they need a gimmick to be different. but I just don't see this motivating many people to switch from Android or Apple. If Amazon had used the approach that it uses with it's Kindle Fires, sell them at a cheap price in exchange for a deeper integration and access to Amazon service, then maybe. But $200 on a 2 year contract, $649 and up off contract? Huh? No, my HTC One (M7) is a lot sexier than this and it's not even the newest HTC. I love Amazon. To me, they are the company that can do no wrong. However, this phone misses on every cylinder. They should have delayed the launch by at least a year and gave us something to say "wow" about. Instead, they gave a mediocre phone with some bells and whistles, plus it is ugly! Amazon is way out of their league. Too many companies are tying to be everything. Who knows? If Amazon lowers the prices and comes out with a more polished design when I am up for my upgrade next year I'll take a look. The question is will they still be making phones at that time if this is the likely flop it appears to be?
LOVE it Its done everything I need it to do!! Just wish I would have wallpaper options and not just lock screens!! Also a cool features different ways to unlock your phone would be cool!!! Great phone to.me :)
What's not to like? Five stars all day long If you can still find one on eBay with Prime included, this phone is an incredible bargain. I paid around $100, so, with Prime included, the phone was essentially free. Now, Fire OS isn't for everyone, including me, but with a quick root and Cyanogenmod 11 installed (instructions are all over the web - it's not difficult), you have an unlocked upper mid-range phone running Kitkat, and doing it very well. What's not to like? Five stars all day long!
Five Stars Love this phone. found no problems that other reviewers complained about
Nice graphics as far as I can tell It is an interesting phone with lots of potential and disappointments. I cannot use square or Amazon register with this phone; which is disappointing to me luckily I was able to use a tablet on those. The apps selection needs a lot of improvement and phone compatibility with the apps as well. Nice graphics as far as I can tell. Several services att offers this phone is not compatible. But, hopefully Amazon and att can meet eye to eye on some of the issues with this phone.Will take some getting use to but I will continue to use phone a little while longer. Wish the app zedge would of worked. But over all I am pleased.
Good device Terrible IOS it just wouldn't interact with Google ... Good device Terrible IOS it just wouldn't interact with Google without device modification but once they get side loaded they're Amazing XDA anyone side load yet I'm seriously considering it? The Keyboard is the most disappointing part you wouldn't think Amazon would screw that up but they did.Silk Browser is slow and lagging you can speed it up by turning cloud features off. Amazon steals your personal music and sell it to others. They will even sell you a free Mixtape. The components are top notch too good for the programming that's in it. Amazon as A OEM? Well maybe if they could build a app conversion engine into the next update
It is easy to use for someone that has never owned a ... It is easy to use for someone that has never owned a smart phone. There are times with I open things that I can not find a way to close them without shutting the phone down. Over all I recommend it for everyone.
lack of back button and gmail means not good for everyday use I like the fire phone as an entertainment device. I play games on it and listen to music and that's about it. I hate the lack of a back button. The swipe up to go back method doesn't always work. There's three hard buttons on the phone. I'd rather use the side button for back then ever have access to mayday. That combined with they lack of Google apps like Gmail make my phone unusable for work. So sadly I leave my shiny fire phone at home everyday and pick up my Moto G and take that to work. I like all the specs of the device. It's programming just doesn't allow it to be an everyday phone.
Worst phone ever!!! Absolutely hate this phone. Screen won't come on half the time, Volume for music and stuff is horrible, not many compatible apps, have to touch things three or more times before it responds. The only thing I like is the Firefly!!!
Amazon Fire Phone It's a nice Little phone. I owned the Samsung Mega and was used to the big screen. Also the app store doesn't have alto of the popular apps on it. You have the Amazon Prime set up for me but you have to purchase the movies or music you want but I am already paying for Amazon Prime. Paying for such a service should allow me the ability to download music and movies without having to pay for. I digress. Overall the phone is good.
even that has to much on it for my good. I do not have this phone "yet." It would be and instant prime purchase for me "if" you could choose your carrier. I am not attached to my phone except when I am in a vehicle of ours that does not have a car phone. I am blasted continually for not having my cell on. I have observed how people never even have eye contact with another human being, they are on "the phone." texting, talking, searching...when you can choose your own carrier..I will probably purchase as an upgrade to my LG Optima 5...even that has to much on it for my good.
Could of Been Better!!! This phone had alot of potential but I shouldn't of expected as much being the first prototype. Its not a bad phone at all just certain things annoyed me like not having a proper back feature instead of hitting a button that takes you all the way to the home screen...but overall im content with the phone for now..
A perfect partner, Thanks I have got to say I still like my Firephone and when it gives up I hope they have a new model. Do not give up on us because a few had troubles. I have looked at the options and find all the others to be lacking, with less capability or just not in the same class. I and my spouse use the twins all the time and have had no issues. I can only hope it stays that way until someone can come up with a viable replacement. Thanks
Amazon fire phone...Form and functionallity meets simplicity. NICE! Amazon has done a great job with this phone, so far, apps work great and my phone doesn't have performance issues. I have spent the last few days putting it through its paces and I haven't had any issues with it. It's refreshing to see something other then IOS 7 and Android available, contrary to what others have said, this OS does have a future and it is ready for primetime. This new OS reminds me of older versions of Linux Xwindows, its simple and doesn't rely on rich GUI and glitter to do the same job other OS's do. This is something people aren't used to, its not pretty nor is it fancy, this is what people really dislike about it the most. Since I grew up using web browsers like gopher which only showed text and no graphics, the missing glitter and fancy pants crap isn't an issue for me, but I know it is for others. Other complaints are about apps like google not being available for the Amazon OS. I say give it time, I'm sure there will be a version written for it. I like google too, but you can always access it through the web browser. (Problem solved.) Give Amazon time to work out the bugs, don't jump on the hate band wagon because they aren't supporting every app or you can't figure out the OS. Play with the phone a while and get used to its functions and how it operates, and for god sakes, give Amazon a chance to fix these issues, it was the same way with Android those problems aren't fixed over night! Keep in mind as you read the reviews and also, read carefully, most people are ranting about apps not being available or the OS not looking or working to their liking. Judge for yourself, not a load of complainers! Then again, if everybody that wrote a review had a million dollars, they would find a reason to complain about that too.
This phone has never picked up more than 1 bar ... This phone has never picked up more than 1 bar. Yet they say it is basically "up to par" and there is no reason why it isn't working. Have been on the phone today for about an hour and a half and was finally forwarded to a senior tech specialist who somehow managed to disconnect the call. I just gave up. So ,much for AT&T!!!!!
I love my fire phone I love my fire phone, I use it here in Mexico and can use it with any carrier. I have never had problems as far as anything goes. The back screen did crack when I dropped it coming out of the car, but it still works perfectly and quickly too! It's sad to see it has been discontinued and that it did not work for others.. but I am 100% satisfied with my phone and Amazon <3
I wanted to try new phone because every time Apple had new updates it would slow down my phone and it seemed like every year the I had iPhones for approximately 8 years .. I wanted to try new phone because every time Apple had new updates it would slow down my phone and it seemed like every year they just want you to buy the newer phone which is the same with 1 cool new feature.. I got fire phone because they told me it wasn't as complicated as the Samsung or other phones, I don't like that you can download the starbucks app or other apps and it took a long long time when I first started it up.I had to shut it down three times. Lastly the date and time doesn't not show on the main screen you have to change your setting ng for it.
Three Stars Well it takes forever for a text to send , even with full service
Fire Phone Rocks I got this phone primarily for work and like it a great deal. Ease of use a plus. Comes with a great "notetaking" app, and excellent video capabilities. Enjoy the year of Prime membership, and also Prime Music. Also good selection of apps for almost any need. Additionally, the Mayday "Help" function is excellent. VERY satisfied with purchase and would recommend as alternative to iPhone.
I love Amazon, but I don't need a phone that ... This is the smartest phone I have had, but it does have lots of things that appeal to the ardent Amazon fan only. Don't get me wrong: I love Amazon, but I don't need a phone that ties me into shopping online. I needed a phone that provided me with easy communication for conversations, texting and news. Forget the games, Kindle, app stores and the ever-present Amazon shopping cart. The phone doesn't hold a charge. One conversation can use up 3% of the battery. The storage seems to be gobbled up by the pre-loaded apps. AT&T has been great so far. Their online help was actually helpl. When I needed to talk to a live person, they were great and very friendly. I have to admit I was seduced by the Mayday app on the Fire phone, which has nothing to do with AT&T. It's a nice idea, but the reps don't really want to help. The Mayday app does connect to a live body, but they usually can't help and direct you to upgrades or tell you the reception is no good, call later. That's my very short review. I am still getting to know my Fire phone and its very unique personality.
don't do it, not the same as the tablet. This phone has been nothing but problem after problem. I wanted to love the phone just like my tablet but it is not the same. This phone, for the price, was not worth it. It lags, it deletes short cuts, the talk to text won't work half the time, and it goes overly sensitive with the Swype too. And you are not able to use the goggle play store. Not a phone I would buy ever again. If you need a phone for just making calls get something that costs less.
the battery life is really bad, you couldnt hear or feel the phone vibrate ... The phone has many features, however its difficultly to know how to work them. the battery life is really bad, you couldnt hear or feel the phone vibrate when there were incoming calls or texts, and not having google apps was inconvenient. the apps weren't as great as google. had to return the phone and got the Samsung 5s active.
FIRE Since I have gotten it, just some glitches that make everything slow down or makes me have to reboot my phone. Need more apps in the app store for amazon, really want Snap chat bad. Other than that it is simple and easy to use.
Five Stars Love it!
Fire is Hawt! So far, I love this phone! It has all kinds of cool options and features, is SO easy to use one handed, and the screen is AMAZING! It's almost the perfect device except for one tiny thing.. There aren't any timestamps on the texts so if, I miss one, I can't tell how long ago it was received. I cringe thinking I've upset people by ignoring them for who knows how long, because I haven't been paying attention, even if it turns out to only be minutes. That's probably silly and just me, though so I'm still giving it Five BIG Stars! Thank You Amazon!
i wanted to like it After a year of having the fire phone,I have never wanted to leave a phone so bad before. At first it was really cool, all the gimmicks on it were entertaining. My first problem was the whole app issue, Google play being untouchable on the phone, limited to only specific apps from Amazon and third party freshman apps that are mostly terrible. No quality checking on third party apps for the store has ensured a slew of really terrible apps. Now at the year mark, it has seemingly been ignored by Amazon as no real updates to the os have been released, and remains largely buggy and crashes very often. Browsing the timeline on Facebook causes it to crash constantly. Doing simple things will cause the phone to lock up and crash. Very frustrating. I think amazon knows it would take a lot of work to fix it and not much pay off as I imagine allot of customers have already given it up. So the phone is virtually dead. I think at the least, Amazon learned allot from this and will think twice before releasing any new phone. I will be paying off what little time I had left for my upgrade to go back to the reliable iPhone stock. It was an interesting, gimmicky ride at least.
Love my Fire Phone I have had an I-phone 4 for two years. I did not have reception in my townhouse most of the time, with the exception of the upstairs bedroom. I had to be standing by the window for good reception. I have to say other than that, I loved my I-phone. I picked up my Amazon Fire phone yesterday (Friday) and so far I love it. I have reception inside my townhouse, and made and received several calls. All of my kindle books were already on my phone, and I clicked on one, and started reading. My Google email and contacts were added easily. I added a few apps and overall it was smooth and easy to adapt to my needs. My only complaint was the quality of photos taken with the camera. Not a deal breaker.
awesome phone Not sure what all the hate is about its a really nice phone I had a Windows 8 phone for the last two years and the firephone blows that one away really happy with it and I hope Amazon continues to support the phone
This is my first smart phone. I thought I loved it until I ... This is my first smart phone. I thought I loved it until I try to connect a wireless Bluetooth speaker to it and I tried to get the google app for my Veryfit bracelet.. I tried calling Mayday, but they had trouble downloading the bracelet app also. I am still trying with the speakers. I hope they improve on the phone with the google playstore apps on it too.
The battery life is horrible and the phone gets hot The battery life is horrible and the phone gets hot. Tried to return it but didn't think I should have to pay a $35 restocking fee. So now I am stuck with it. It does have some cool features but I cant enjoy them because I am too busy charging my phone.
dead phone all the EQULIZER APPS do not work on this phone. I cannot see the screen its got the same problems as the Motorola Zoom Tablet. out side light will black out the screen,. also media player apps that got Equalizers on it. well the EQ on it dose not work. there is no Micro SD slot because HOLLYWOOD bitched about pirate movies on people making copies of it.. That kills sales on Micro SD cards causing prices to go up. and also put people who make MICRO SD cards out of business. . and these people who make MICRO SD CARDS, SD CARDS and what not is doing a honest job so we can use our cameras Better off trying to get a Samsung phone. a Samsung phone is not international or unlocked. at least there is a Micro SD slot and there is a stronger chance to find a EQUALIZER to work,
This would be a awesome phone if only it allowed the use of google ... This would be a awesome phone if only it allowed the use of google play and google services. Its basically a Android operating system but heavily veiled with amazons fire os. If you dont rely on google apps such as chromecast etc then this is actually a pretty nice phone with some useful features.
Kindle FANATIC is not a Fire phone fanatic :'( I have to admit I was EXCITED to have another Kindle product. Being an Amazon junkee and all, this was like Christmas in July....WOW what a let down for me. When your 3G SIII Mini is easier to maneuver than this phone, that says something. Graphics - BEAUTIFUL! Camera photos - WONDERFUL....having to shake, flick, move your hand to have your phone advance - TERRIBLE!! Ability to change ringtones to songs? Non existent. Back button? Not found....oh wait, there it is....you have to quickly flick your finger to have it show up for 2 seconds....uh oh, it's gone now....bank app locks you out when you can't return to your main screen with a back button. MUST be able to bank via cell due to the fabulous Baracuda internet web locks at my day job. Solution per Mayday? Reload app after clearing cache and reload....there you are back button....oh wait....2 seconds later, gone again. After 48 of frustration, RETURNED to AT&T. Hello HTC One G8. Instantly in love. And BEWARE - Yes you can return your phone to AT&T if you are not satisfied...prepare to pay a 35.00 restocking fee. Please know that just because it didn't satisfy me, it might YOU. I am just a android fan and will continue to be ,even though my Kindle Fire HD is the bomb!!
Four Stars Awesome phone. Only downfall is the limited app store.
New experience, working out nicely! I really appreciate not having to call to listen to my voicemails everytime; I just choose the contact that called & press play to hear their message. I will say that I am used to having an Android for Google apps so it was kind of hard getting used to not being able to download all the apps I usually I have but it is a great phone overall. Great picture quality on the camera. Love the alternating security screens. I wake up to something new every day!
Love this phone Love this phone. When I got it, I wasn't looking for it to operate like an iPhone or an android. You can however down load the Google play store. I got a free year of prime with my phone, so just like with Amazon's tablets, this phone was a great deal. I love picture quality, dynamic perspective is awesome, I just love the phone, I love that it's different and unique. I don't love Amazon taking them off the market or that this is it, no more nothing. I want more from from Amazon. You had a great idea now follow through. If there's a glitch, fix it but don't be done.
Great phone! People, take a few minutes to learn this phone. Any bad reviews are just people who haven't took the time to learn. It is a great phone for syncing with other Amazon devices, I have a fire TV, and 3 kindles for my kids. Music app is better than itunes, as long as you are a Prime user, same with movies. Way better than my old iPhone!
I wanted to love it and I did I wanted to love it and I did, it has all the features I like and want. I love the size the weight of it and the way the screen is. The firefly is amazing feature that is the gravy. The amazon prime is another bonus. All and all love this phone I'm hooked. One note I bought a screen protector and luckily I found out the screen protector was causing the phone not to work properly be careful when you make a purchase on the screen protector use mayday before you buy a protector. Great phone ! Very happy customer.
... for about a month now and I am very pleased. We also have Kindle's and we love the ... I have had my Fire phone for about a month now and I am very pleased. We also have Kindle's and we love the way they interact and how easy having that knowledge helped me know how to use most everything on the phone. How much easier could it be when you have Mayday available and can talk to a real person with any questions.
Prime softens the blow, but it's not enough. I got this phone from AT&T so it might not show up as a verified purchase, but I'm writing this review with on my Amazon Fire phone right now. I was afraid to buy this through Amazon for some reason, I didn't know how to get it hooked up to my AT&T service if I did. Probably should've just went ahead with it through Amazon though, cause I want to return this thing so badly I can't stand it. AT&T won't give me a refund on this because I exceeded my 14 day limit by 2-3 days. For $650, this phone is not worth it. I usually don't review things I don't like on Amazon, but I'm particularly upset with this purchase. I love Amazon to death, I seriously look to this website to buy something before I even consider anywhere else. I love prime, in fact I absolutely adore prime, and that's the one thing that's keeping this a three star review. The prime integration on this phone is a great feature, and the free year of prime is also very nice cause it feels like I bought a $550 phone instead of $650. Helps soften the blow a bit. The phone itself isn't bad I guess, dynamic perspective is a gimmick and I didn't realize that until after my two week return period. I don't even use firefly, so that's a waste to me. At $650 you can get MUCH better phones, like the Samsung galaxy s5, the LG G3, or the iPhone 5S. I came to this phone because it was new, I was sick of having an iPhone. I had a 5, it got stolen, and I went to my old iPhone 4 for a while, and I'd rather have the iPhone 4 than the Amazon fire phone. I just wish I would've went and returned this earlier, and yes I realize that that is totally my fault. I should've bought this phone directly from Amazon I guess, cause I'm well within the thirty day limit. Oh well, guess I'm just stuck with it for a while. As far as the build quality and call quality I have got to give this phone credit there. I've never heard calls so clear on any phone in my life. The build quality is good, I like the rubber edges around the side of the phone for some reason. The phone feels nice, it's not too heavy, not too thick, but it still feels sturdy. And this screen size has grown to be my favorite of the phones that I've played with. The speaker quality is a little weird, they have decided to put one on top and one on the bottom, I guess to try to give more of a surround sound feel to it? I don't know, but I'm not the biggest fan of it. My auxiliary cable won't work with the phone which kind of ticked me off. It had this horrible hissing clicking sound, might be something I was doing, I don't know. But the cable worked fine with my iPhones. Dynamic perspective is pretty awful most of the time, it will work when I don't want it too, and it won't work when I want it too. Having the side menus is great, having the top down menu is great as well. This phone is very cleanly laid out, everything on my home pages is aesthetically pleasing. There are some key features for me that definitely need to be fixed, such as the text tone. Every time I send a text when I have my ringer on, it makes this dumb noise that I can't get rid of unless I have my ringer turned off. Every time you try to turn the ringer off, it lets out a loud click letting you know how loud your ring tone will be, well that's fine and dandy and all, but you can't turn that feature off. So when I try to put it on vibrate or silent, I have to hear this loud click before I can change it. I know I can go to my settings and change it there, but I shouldn't be forced to hunt and dig through my phone to change the ringer volume without a loud noise coming from it, I should be able to turn off the clicking, test tone like sound in the settings, I think. I also can't change my media volume without letting something start to play for a little bit. While I can go to my settings and change this, it's very inconvenient. All of this could've been fixed with a switch on the side to change your phone from ring to silent, because that opens up the possibility to make your ring volume non adjustable with the volume switch. This phone has potential, but it just doesn't deliver for the cost, and unfortunately I didn't realize that until it was too late return it. Really really wanted to love this phone, but I just can't. I feel like I got screwed buying it since its enormous price tag can be matched by phones that are without a doubt better in most, if not all, aspects. The lack of returning ability didn't affect this review, it's as honest as I can make it. However, if I could've returned it I wouldn't have said anything about it at all.
A Good choice for the frugal I have had it six months and it's still working just about the same as it did when it came out of the box. Camera is good quality and the speed is more than satisfactory. Battery is still good and the flashlight button is handy. Sometimes internet pages freeze up but all you have to do is reboot the browser and it will work fine from there. If you don't want to spend a small fortune on a cell phone or be tied to a carrier this phone is a great choice.
Amazon should let Google Play Apps run on Fire While I like the Fire better than my iPhone, I can't just fully cut over because too many Apps are missing from the Fire. For example, who can live without Uber? And my bank Apps are not on Fire: Regions, Citi, and Bank of the Internet are all missing. Google Docs and Drive are also missing without going thru a third party app, which would expose my Google password to a 3rd party. The Fire is too good to return, but these missing apps better show up soon.
and it has been extremely easy for me to figure out how everything works I am really enjoying getting acquainted with my new Fire phone. It's my first smartphone ever, and it has been extremely easy for me to figure out how everything works. I've been pretty much addicted to it for the past few days.
Fabulous! Love it - virtually no bloat ware!! I have used this phone for almost 6 months now and have found it to be flawless. I am bewildered about the negative reviews... I am very suspicious of media reviews since the biggest companies buy the most ads, they are probably biased in favor of its products...
I'm loving my fire phone. It is doing everything ... I'm loving my fire phone. It is doing everything I wanted and more. It's missing a couple of things that every other phone has had, such as an alarm and calculator. I may just be missing those things, but oh well. It is a little daunting running a completely new O.S. But I'm enjoying my experience so far.
Not as well crafted and as well thought out as ... Not as well crafted and as well thought out as I would have though an Amazon product would be. WERE IS THE BACK BUTTON! Plus the screen continues to go black and freeze constantly. The font is to small and there is no font app to change the size. The zoom feature is not much of a help. I had very high hopes for this phone and was let down on so many levels. I even switched to AT&T in order to get this phone and I was screwed on both fronts. SMH
Disappointing From the beginning, I had high expectations about this product. Amazon fired the engineers who created this phone, and will not produce any more. A true disappointment, my Fire Phone had severe bugs such as the lock screen freezing not letting me activate the phone, to being unable to hang up, to completely dying and not being able to turn it on again. I wish I could get my money back. Terrible product.
Heavy, hearty phone - definitely my new favorite I am liking this phone, especially as someone who fully uses the benefits of Amazon Prime. Some reviewers may call the interface overly complicated, but I'd just call it different. Once you learn it, it actually makes sense and is very easy to use. The real problem with learning how to use this phone is more or less the challenge of breaking out of the 'muscle memory' reflexes of using your old phone. All of my major apps are already on the market. If you aren't comfortable with buying the phone without first seeing what's on the market for it (a problem I've had with past phones), you can go into the Google Apps department of the site and filter for Fire Phone apps. My experience thus far has been, if it's there, then it works on the phone. I -LOVE- the build of this phone. It's heavy. Every smartphone I've ever bought seems to have struggled with making a 'lighter, more paper-thin' phone -- you know, the kind of phone that you forget is there, gets easily broken, and slips right out of your hand. This phone has the dimensions of a modern smartphone, but feels like a brick. One word of caution -- the battery seems to drain incredibly fast (not surprisingly). I charged this phone before using it, and it had dropped to 75% while I was still going to through the tutorials, adding apps, and checking my contacts.
The fire phone it's actually and amazing phone, I love the fact that it also ... The fire phone it's actually and amazing phone, I love the fact that it also comes with Amazon prime for a year. I can watch movies and shows from my fire phone and it's easy to shop from the Amazon webpage. A+++
great hardware. stupid software. I hate the low battery warning so much. It always goes off. All... the ...time... Also, it hates anything google. If you like the play store and Google maps and stuff. Avoid. It has great hardware. Just the software sucks.
Awesome Phone love it! Best Camera, and fast loading time you can't beat the price either.! I love my Amazon Fire Phone, it has so many features on it I have never seen with other smart phones, and this 13 MP camera? There are no words for how wonderful it is. This phone is fast. And it works with Straight Talk, which I was highly pleased to find out. Also works with T- Mobile as well. The only thing right now is, I just got this phone Monday and knew automatically it needed a case for it and a screen protector, and the very day I was coming home to it, the phone dropped and the screen shattered, but I am going to get the screen repaired soon. I was going to buy another, but they are out of stock oh well. Please come back into stock with this phone Amazon! It was really wonderfully priced!!!
Not what I was expecting I am finally able to admit that I really dislike this phone. I love my kindle and thought from everything I had read that I would love this phone as much. I do NOT!! I hate that I can't get apps that are not by amazon. I miss snap chat!! Anytime someone sends me an emoticon from another phone, it comes across like a symbol that's a cross between a rat and a cock roach. My pictures won't fit right on my lock screen. The calendar alarms are very limited and they don't truly alarm. I love the dynamic perspective. I even enjoy the firefly on occasion. Outside of that, I'm just not real thrilled. I have tried very hard to convince myself that this phone is good, but, I give up. It's just not what I expected.
I like it....I would give it 3.5 stars I like having the designated button for the camera so I can take pictures easily and quickly when I want. I've never had an iPhone or any of the Samsung phones so can't compare the quality of pictures. I do like the quality of the pictures I have taken. I also like the voice feature, but wish it would function better. This feature seems to "have a problem" too often and I like using it if I'm driving so I can read or send a text without typing. Actually, I use this feature a lot when I'm not driving. I find it easier than typing on the face of the phone...I prefer a phone with a keyboard. I'm waiting for an upgrade on this feature so it will do more and function better. Overall...I really like my new Fire Phone.
App and display are not intuitive. The fire phone apps have a lot to be desired. File structure is not-intuitive. Transferring of personal pictures, videos, music should be straight forward but the apps are not designed to serve that way. To transfer videos you have to drop the files in pictures folder. If pictures folder is not present you can create one. However, creating a video folder would not work. Same is the story with music folder. I loved my LG android. Often going back to the last page is not easy.
great phone so I have jad my phone for almost a.month and of course I was excited to get it ! and I love my phone so much. <3 I mean.im.stuck with it for the next two years so.I suppose.I.ought.to lol. but anyway, its awesome. the navigation took a while to figure out but if your on facebook and you cant get off a picture you click drag you finger from the right bottom corner to the top.left corner and ive been doing that for whenever I get stuck.on a screen and its been.navigating like a charm. im still getting used to this.large key board but the phone is great. I love the camera.<3 and.my battery lasts for freaking ever. I can go to.work on a.10 hr shift on 49% and walk.out either high 30s or.at 40% so its been.like perfect and it hasnt died yet and.im always forgetting a charger. I love my mew phone. I just wish I.has.snapchat lol. but if fits nice in.my hands its ad tall as a.galaxsy s4 just not as wide which is good for tight.pockets.
This is a great phone with advance technology This is a great phone with advance technology. Its release to the market brought consumers additional choice in mobile phone selection. The size is just perfect for one hand use. Sound clarity compares to no other phone I have used. The first appearance of this phone beat many other phones that have been in the market for several years. It rose straight to the top and compared favorably with rather the leading brands.
I really wanted to love it I love my Kindle Fire. I wanted to love the Fire Phone. Within 36 hours, I had decided to return it. The screens freeze a lot. You cannot delete multiple people out of the contact lists. One app did supposedly, but everyone I follow on Twitter shows up when I scroll thru to find someone to call. Deleting 2000 people one at a time is necessary for above problem because the book is so huge it won't download with my car's Bluetooth to be able to hands free call. There's no easy way to pin apps for easy access that I figured out off the bat. There are too many steps to check to see if you have notifications if you turn the sound off. It times out about half the time when looking up a web page. You are supposed to be able to sideload Android apps not in the Amazon app. Haven't been successful not being routed thru the Google play store. The Fire doesn't like the store and store won't recognize the phone. Instagram won't recognize my Twitter account. I don't need to see Candy Crush recommendations as I scroll across most used apps because it's consumer focused with recommendations under every icon. I like the Firefly feature in theory, but it's not necessary. The dynamic perspective is cool. I still haven't figured out the purpose of 5 forward facing cameras, but you can do panoramic shots.
give fire phone a chance Thits phone is actually pretty good.good specs. Awesome reception. Good camera. 32 gb memory. I like how I'm able to download certain movies or shows on Amazon video. Gorgeous screen. Just wish battery life was a little better. Overall, very happy with it & would recommend it.
Way to incompatible with Android apps!!! Updated 08/18: At my AT&T store this weekend with my son & him buying a Samsung phone. I learned that I could nave returned the Fire Phone within two weeks of it's purchase. Wish I would have known that before (my fault). I certainly would have done so. The inability to use Android Apps is really irritating!!!!! Original: I knew that some Android apps would not be compatible with the Fire Phone, but this is ridiculous! Very popular items using GPS such as the INGRESS game and Geocaching.com's apps will not recognize the phone because of the extensive messing around with the operating system that Amazon has done. I have to live with it for 18 months, then I'm going back to a real Android phone!
I love my kindle and the apps I have So, I read the reviews, the negative reviews bf I bought the phone, but I got it anyways. I figured I had 14 days to figure out if I wanted to keep it or not. After almost 3 weeks of having the phone, the only thing I regret is not getting the 64 gb phone. I love my kindle and the apps I have, so I figured I would at least like the Fire phone. Since I didn't have overly high expectations as some reviewers seemed to have, I am quite pleased with the phone. Some negatives with the phone is you can't access the Google Play Store. If your phone doesn't have it already installed, then you can't get it because it's not downloadable (which is junk). I had to look to see if the apps I use pretty regularly was available on Amazon. That would have been a deal breaker. Yeah, it would be nice to have the Shop Your Way Rewards app, but it took up a lot of space and I don't need, need it. I forget already what other apps I couldn't find on the Amazon app store. But there have been some I wanted but they were only available on iTunes or Google Play. Oh, there's no Zedge app, but I can download direct from their site. One thing I absolutely hate, hate, hate is that I can't customize my ringtones. I used to personalize for my family and friends. I also hate that I can't just swipe people's names to call them. I have to go to their name and the click either call or text. With my old Samsung, I could just go to a person's text message and swipe their name to start a phone call. I guess I have to find out if there's a more extensive user guide to see if I can program speed dial #'s and see what other ways to customize the phone. For my alarms, I downloaded an alarm app where I can customize the notification tones (use ones I downloaded from Zedge). This app also serves as a radio (streams different genre stations from all over the world). The ringtones choices need to be better. They pretty much all sound the same -- like bells. Like phone ringing bells. I think there's only 1 that actually sounds like a song. So overall, I like the phone. It's not too big like the other choices I had. It came with free Prime which I still haven't used yet. There have been pitfalls to no Google Play Store and limited phone capabilities, but there maybe ways around it if you're willing too look for it. Hope this helps someone. It's all about what your preferences are ...and what's important to you ...
Great phone. I was kind of afraid at first Great phone. I was kind of afraid at first, maybe skeptical is a better word, but as soon as I got this phone, I immediately fell in love. It's no iPhone, and no Samsung galaxy but for what it is and what is consists of, it is a great phone that anyone should love.
At first I must say I was disappointed primarily because of having my mind set on the ... My wife brought this phone home for me instead of the new Galaxy. At first I must say I was disappointed primarily because of having my mind set on the galaxy and knowing nothing about the fire phone. I have been using the phone for about 3 weeks now and I must say I am impressed. The phone is well made has a comparable processor to all of the other top of the line phones on the market as well as RAM. It app market is pretty extensive not quit as good as Android or apples yet but getting ther. One of the biggest perks to the phone is it came with a free one year subscription to Amazon Prime which would ordinarily cost you $185.00 for a one year subscription. This makes thousands of free downloads available from songs to movies, kids shows even some audio books. Also adds and additional discount to many of the products for sale on Amazon as well as free 2 day shipping. To me this is a great perk and a hell of a sales pitch from Amazon to help sell the phone. Truly at this time.the only 2 cons I have found are 1: there is no MicroSD slot to expand storage on the phone and you can eat up 32gigs pretty quick with the ability to download free movies and songs and 2: there are not any major name brand case companies manufacturing a good quality case like life proof or otter box so the risk to someone like myself who is notorious for breaking his smart phones pretty high with no real options to protecting it. Other than that I would defiantly recommend this phone can't wait to see if they keep up with the product like they have the Kindles and see if some of the after market companies jump aboard in the manufacturing after market cases and accessories.
Second time around I love the ability to immediately shop at the Amazon site and utilize my prime benefits. The phone lags behind in its Android like capabilities. The app store needs much improvement. My first device crashed before it hit its first year anniversary. If it hadn't been for my prime benefits and my kindle unlimited membership, I would have opted for another phone.
NOT FOR GMAIL USERS - I really LOVE the phone but hate this version of Android. LOVE THE PHONE BUT IT'S BASICALLY AN ANDROID PHONE WITHOUT GOOGLE I really loved everything about this phone except one thing: It's not an Android phone. I can't load (or sideload) the Google Play Store or Gmail and I count on Gmail big time. Only the most popular non-Google apps are on the Amazon App Store, so that limits things tremendously. If the Amazon email app were as useful or fully synchronized with my Gmail then I would have kept the phone but that was the straw that broke the camels back. I am returning this today and I feel very sad about that because I really want to promote alternative OSs and I really LOVE LOVE LOVE my Amazon Kindle Fire tablet. I really wanted a phone version of the tablet that I could really use instead of feel like I'm left out because I'm a Gmail user like millions of others out there. For a smartphone, Gmail IS the killer app and Amazon doesn't have it and doesn't want to get it.
Works great. No problems with the phone. Works great.
Fire Phone isn't as bad as people claim it is Why do people hate this phone so much? I mean it does have it's bugs but overall the phone works great for me. Pros: Excellent Picture and Video Quality 1 year Amazon Prime Amazing Audio Base Apps (apps that come with the phone) sync completely with everything you do on Amazon Sturdy Build Cons: Buggy sometimes apps would close randomly although rarely Battery life is lacking but it's not a nuisance Other than that the phone works great just needs a few updates and it can compete with the elite phones on the market today.
cool at first, then very disappointing I loved it at first. It has cool gadgets and tricks, but they excitement of having a new phone soon wears off. It had very limited apps and I feel like some thing different stops working each day. First I couldn't send direct messages on Instagram then mute of my apps became incompatible and now the audio Jack only works with their headphones and no speakers. It's getting more and more frustrating and I'm sad that I blew my money.
I became quickly disappointed. I was using a Samsung Galaxy I pre-ordered this phone after reading some preliminary reviews and seeing some of the videos. I was eagerly anticipating it. However, once I received it and began playing around with it, I became quickly disappointed. I was using a Samsung Galaxy, so there was a bit of a learning curve getting used to the new OS. That wasn't too bad. I prefer the button placement on the Galaxy though. The Fire doesn't have any buttons on the right side, which is odd, if you are right-handed. You can't grab it with one hand and power it on and begin using it. My opinion, but I expect many others would feel this way too. The main reason I am returning the phone is the horrible app selection. I am a runner and use my phone to track my runs. This is the make-or-break app category for me. I am currently using nikeplus to track my runs, so I was disappointed to see that it wasn't available. I was even more surpised to see that RunKeeper and Endomondo weren't there either. However the lack of ANY OTHER RUNNING APP was the complete deal breaker. Searching for 'run/run app/running' yields a plethora of Temple Run, Granny Run, Toilet Paper run, etc apps. so if you like that kind of thing, you are all set. Many, many other apps are also not available... anyone ever hear of LinkedIn? MyFitnessPal? I think the phone has a chance of being better in a year once there are more apps, but it will always trail iphone and android phones for app selection. Why did they fork the code again??? Why not release the SDK earlier? EPIC FAIL
As a base level phone (. 99 with contract) ... As a base level phone (.99 with contract) this phone can't be beat. I had no problem with app availability, though I did side load a couple. I did not find the lack of Google apps a problem but I've never been heavy into the Google environment.
(Edited) Not Terrible I wanted to love this phone, but overall, it is a literal piece of crap. As a person who loves social media, this phone does not meet my needs. You don't have Snapchat, the new updates for Facebook, FB Messenger, and Pinterest* are not available. When browsing the web, the phone sometimes freezes. If you close out of a window, it will keep reappearing every single time you open the browser again unless you restart the phone. When taking pictures, it takes longer than it should for the camera to focus. It seems to run on Android, but there's no freaking Google Play. I'm so done with this thing. I feel like I wasted my money and there's no getting it back. I would have gotten rid of it by now (I've had it for over a year!) if I could afford something better. DO NOT BUY THIS! ** Update I followed the instructions a commenter left me about how to install Google Play. Since then, I have been able to enjoy my phone to its full potential. I do still have issues with the web browser and I also still experience a lag in the camera, but the amount of apps I have right at my fingertips has expanded tremendously. Battery life seems to drop by the day. That may be due to how I use my phone, which is way more than I would like to admit. I still believe that there is much room for improvement and I am still searching for a new phone that is right for me and suits my needs without having to jump through hoops. It's not the lowest of the low, but it's also not a phone I would ever have interest in purchasing again.
I like it but the battery life is not great... I upgraded from s2 galaxy phone. So I'm not a super picky person when it comes to technology. the camera is amazing. It takes great pictures. Sometimes I accidently take pictures when I'm trying increase the volume on the phone. Texting is easy. One of my complaints is when Im on the phone people can't hear me. It's so frustrating. So when I am on the phone I have to be on speaker phone. The battery life is super short. I bought a external battery pack because I intend on keeping the phone because I hope they're able to fix the issues. May Day is great. I used it the first day I received the phone. The dynamic perspective is fun to show people. I really wished the basics like voice calls and battery life were up to par with the other phones on the market or at least better. I'm hopefull it will get better.
I wanted to love it! I wanted to love it but it just has too many issues. First the positive: 1. Their version of "siri" is a lot better. She actually understands what you are asking 99% of the time 2. Sturdy and tough. I don't use a case and don't feel like a need it. 3. The dynamic screen is cool. The negative: 1. You can't increase the small text size on texts. You can for email. 2. Half the time I won't get notifications for phone calls and/or voice mails. The only way I'll get them is when I go to that app to make a phone call and THEN it will pop up that I have all these missed calls. 3. You can't get a lot of common apps, for ex. Target cartwheel 4. Huge learning curve. Things are hard to figure out and when I use the mayday help, usually they don't have an answer for me. I'll end up figuring it out after researching myself. For ex., I switched from an iphone and called to see how to transfer my contacts over. Mayday told me there was no way to do it. It turns out there is an AT&T app that was super easy to transfer them over. If I had listened to Mayday, I would have spend days manually entering contacts. Basically, it looks pretty and cool but I'm really regretting switching from iphone and now I'm stuck with it for 2 years because I got the At&T 2 year contract to make it free. I would have been REALLY upset if I had actually paid for it. I now just use this phone for texting and the occasional call and use my ipad for everything else.
Not Ready for Prime Time. Let me say that Amazon is my favorite company bar none. I have been a customer since its website went live. Their customer service has gone the extra mile on several occasions to ensure that I was a satisfied customer. Today I am still a loyal customer even though I can find products cheaper elsewhere, the combination of very fast reliable service keeps me making 90% of my online purchases from Amazon. I am a big fan of the Kindle I started with the second generation and have purchased three and won one in an online contest. Now on to the Fire phone. After waiting for months in anticipation I am now sorry to say after seeing all the reviews and trying one owned by a coworker I will not be buying one. The biggest issue for me is the Fire OS does not allow access to all the Google apps. I would have to give up dozens of apps I routinely use. The absence of Gmail, YouTube, Google Drive and maps is a huge negative in my book. The navigation seems over-complicated and counter intuitive. Confusing menus (a couple of times I was lost just trying to go back to the previous screen) made for a frustrating experience. It has a mediocre battery life at best with no way to replace the battery with a backup. No support for 4.0+LE so many Bluetooth devices will not work with it. The lower 720p LCD display resolution is a step backwards when compared to today’s flagship phones. There's no way to organize your apps, personalize the wallpaper and there’s no widget support. Having it locked in to just one carrier makes no sense. Even if you purchase it at full price directly from Amazon the phone is locked. Visually its heavy blocky design makes the phone seems more like a prototype rather than a final product. How to fix the Fire phone: 1. Modify the OS 2. Redesign the case 3. Add removable battery 4. Upgrade the battery to 2800mAh 5. Provide a back button 6. Allow the phone to be personalized 7. Improve the Firefly app 8. Solve the rapid overheating problem 9. Increase the screen size and change the LCD display resolution to 1080p 10. Make it $149 on-contract, open it to all carriers 11. Drop the full retail price to $499 for an unlocked version
Best phone and deal of the century. I have been searching for a phone like this forever!!! It has a great picture and fantastic clarity in movies and video and photos. The MayDay feature is awesome for people like me who are not techies and need some help once in a while....talking to a real person on your phone screen to guide you through any problems is awesome. So glad I bought this phone and my husband liked mine so much we bought him one too. A year of free Prime topped off this fantastic package. I would recommend this phone to everyone, you will love it, I promise. Amazon Prime Rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's okay. I love my Kindle Fire, so I chose the phone. As a phone, it is okay. The camera is pretty good. The real selling point to the phone was the year of amazon prime. Hopefully getting more interesting apps added will make this phone better.
Amazon redeemed themselves! Someone from Amazon got a hold of me after seeing my review and was able to send me a replacement phone. I'm disappointed that I had to take it so far in order to get a solution but I'm glad that I don't have to deal with a cracked screen or pay for a new one. I am a huge Amazon fan, Kindles, Fire TV, Kindle FreeTime, Amazon Prime, so this phone is perfect for me. Thanks Amazon, I love you again!! I bought this phone in August and 2 months later the screen cracks. Apparently this phone is too new and no one has the glass on hand to replace it. Not even Amazon or AT&T!! I have been on the phone for the past 2 days with Amazon, AT&T and all cell phone repair companies in a 50 mile radius and there is no solution other than to buy a new $550 phone. I have bought 6 Amazon devices including kindles, phone, Fire TV, not to mention weekly Amazon shopping as a prime member. Amazon tells me there is no way to get a discount and nothing they can do for me. I am very disappointed in the lack of solutions.
LOVE this phone!!! DON'T GIVE UP, AMAZON!! I love this phone! I was never involved in the Apple or Google networks so this phone was perfect for me. I've had it now for over a month and had no issues. I don't understand why so many gave it low ratings.. I've had no problems with the OS and I haven't had any problems with normal phone usage. Firefly is a handy tool especially if you hear a song on the radio that you don't know anything about or if you aren't sure what the show/movie is called that's playing on the TV. People love the 3-D effect of the scenes and they also love Monkey Buddy. The sound is excellent when listening to music and is louder than you'd expect from a cell phone. Quality and sound on video are also excellent. Battery life is good and it charges up fairly quickly. I have a Kindle HDX so I was happy to see that the phone is like a little Kindle. All my books and content that were on Amazon and in my cloud are on my phone including pictures, video, apps and music. Overall, I am very happy with the Fire Phone and I'm glad that I ignored all the negative reviews and gave it a chance. :) UPDATE: I've had my phone for 1 1/2 years and I still love it. I've never had any major issues and it works as good now as when I got it. I do wish there were more of the 3-D lock screens and I do wish there were more ringtones compatible and an easier way to get them but overall, I love my phone and I hope that Amazon doesn't give up. I would love to see another version in the future!!
This is the first phone to lure me away from my iphone I love this phone. It does everything well. I even love the silly 3D features. I was amazed by Mayday. So far everything I've done with the phone worked the first time, apps load quickly, the phone quality is great, it's easy to use and the interface is nicely optimized. Its main disadvantage is the lack of apps. So far no Uber, and no Zagat, those are the 2 that I miss the most. My guess is that Amazon will move quickly to bridge this gap, because other than that, this phone has made me a believer.
Fantastic and terrific gadget Fantastic and terrific gadget. Please wait for two years before making the fire phone 2. Or call it fire echo 2, with a little bite of echo function like the Bluetooth. I wish I could get the echo Bluetooth .Great job amazon.
so far so good So far the phone works great. My only complaint would be a lot of apps I used and loved aren't available. But I have noticed a few are making their way to the app store and that's great. Definitely love the prime membership.
Worst Decision of my LIFE!!! Absolutely worst Decision of my life. I had my iPhone 4s for 3 years only replace it once. I've had the fire phone for 6 months and replaced it 5 times. I work for AT&T so when we watched the slide show it looked amazing but once you have it it is awful. Their no apps, the stupid music store pops up all the time the camera button is the same as firefly so if you hold it down a second to long trying to get the camera firefly will pop up. The phone freezes all the time. The only thing that's good is it's bigger than the 4s, bigger memory, and the batter last longer that's it. I can't use my fit bit app to sync because it's not compatible, you can't use the myat&t app because it tells you it needs an update by Amazon deleted off the market place so now you have an app that doesn't work that your stuck with. It's just a disaster of a phone. And all customer care will do is replace it with a certified refurbished fire phone. I don't want a new piece of crap I want a different phone. You definitely get what you pay for!!!!
Fire Phone - maybe better not locked into AT&T I really wanted to like this phone. I have used Kindle Fire tablets, and like the carousel home screen, it always picks up where you left off. The Fire Phone does the same thing, very well. You can see email from the carousel without opening the app, very handy and convenient. Most of the troubles I had may be related to AT&T. Dropped calls, txt messages delayed an hour or more. Very frustrating. The worst was when the built in apps - phone , messaging, etc disappeared. I couldn't find them in Amazon app store. My phone was basically a mini tablet. I was able to use the MayDay app, and tech support appeared right away. We could not figure out how to restore the phone app. I finally did a google search and the only option was to do a factory reset. Tech support agreed that would be the only way. Other problems I had were the phone shutting off without my realizing it. And the flick of the wrist thing worked about half of the time. Pros - Nice design, great screen for watching TV/Movies and sounds pretty good. Like the home screen setup. Firefly worked well on finding products, songs, movies, very handy. Cons - AT&T service really bad. Quirks with software or hardware that occasionally didn't work as designed. Maybe the next version will be better. I went back to my iPhone 4s and Verizon.
Basically a NoPhone This phone came up short on all expectations, even the basic ones. It periodically denies all calls and fails to register those missed/voicemails. When this happens I check my att account to make sure that it is not a service error and discover that my entire call history did register. As other consumers noted the screen locks. For those who think that bad reviews come from those unable to get desired apps onto their device, well, I found a google play store crack and have been employing that to download an extended variety of apps. If you want this phone for music you waste your time. The music app will not even work with but a single song on it. You can use a third party service effectively, but when I buy music from Amazon I do expect their app to work with that music. The phone looks great on paper and not too bad when powered down, but the second you turn it on expect disappointment. Background: purchased unlocked phone June 2015. Call features began deteriorating within a month. Music app never worked quite right. Texting with lock up and you will not receive messages until reseting your device, of course there is no way of telling until someone asks why you have been blowing them off, which is such fun. The internet browser is as good as any other phone. The camera captures clear images. Some ups and some downs, but I bought a phone. Amazon, do not sell a phone that cannot call and text. If you want a phone of this caliber save a few hundred dollars and purchase a nophone.
Five Stars Very good phone, very easy to use.
Fire Phone is on Fire!!! i bought this phone for my 14 year old son after he dropped his LG3....we are both happy with the durability of the fire phone. we love the 3d that it displays and for me, it is very easy to work. 5 stars hands down!!
Firefly needs offline functionality Fun to use. Excellent battery life (with the new firmware update). Love to use Dynamic Perspective, Firefly, and Prime. The only downside is that to be able to use Firefly you need a cell signal - which you probably won't have if you're in a store. Firefly needs offline functionality.
Try it before you buy it! I tried to like it... Im tired of apple and its mass marketed phone, that has practically no innovative features.. it feels like the Iphone is virtually the same phone since its release.... I dont like Android because since there are many flavors of it and many many manufacturers of the phone, the OS is doomed to crash eventually on almost every phone.... I liked the idea of the fire phone because it closely resembles the Apple philosophy: one company that makes the hardware and the software...based on that Idea I wanted to switch from iOS to Amazon OS. I had the chance to play with a fire phone for a couple of days and I was convinced that Amazon released it before its time... there is much more to improve on the OS side... I think that the hardware part is ok, but the OS part I can only describe it as a castrated version of android OS....much like the HP WebOS... its not bad but has a lot of room for improvement. I would suggest you try one before you buy one.
Nice try, Epic fail! The phone works well. The screen is good. The camera works well. The battery lasts several days. The only bad thing, and it would have been a deal breaker IF I had known about it beforehand, is the abject lack of usable apps. None of the Google apps that I used a lot, things like Square, Navigator, etc will run on the Amazon Fire phone. I will be getting rid of it as fast as I can because it does almost nothing of what I need it for.
and after a year the features arent cool or needed Lacking developers for a lot of major apps, slow OS, and after a year the features arent cool or needed. Just annoying. Worst phone I've ever owner. I expected more. Got the phone in AUG 2014. I cant wait to upgrade. Wasted getting this instead of an Iphone. Biggest regret.
In all the phone is great. It does what a phone supposed to do ... In all the phone is great. It does what a phone supposed to do make call, texts and etc. Only thing it lack s is apps which is not a deal breaker. What made it a sweet deal was Amazon give you free one year worth of Amazon prime. The phone has like a 3d feel to it. For instance the screen reacts to hand or head movement.
ok while it lasted I had good service in my area with my iphone 4. I got the fire phone as a gift and used it with my current carrier and could no longer get a signal anywhere. Other than that I loved it. Up until it stopped working a few months later. It is now completely dead and I'm back to my old iphone 4.
Why hasn't this phone taken off like a jet?? This is a beautiful phone. Very easy to use and some of the features blow my mind, Firefly and Dynamic Perspective are really cool. I love the lock screen pics that move as you tilt your phone and/or head. I upgraded from an iPhone 4 so the speed and storage capacity are far beyond what I'm used to. The one free year of Amazon Prime included with purchase is absolutely awesome! The only drawback for me is that some apps that I like are not available on the Amazon shop but there are ways around that so I am overall very happy with my Fire Phone.
INSULT FROM FROM AMAZON LOVED my phone until the screen cracked. I was anxious to have it replaced by Amazon, but after speaking with a customer service representative on 7/19/16, an out-of-warranty replacement will cost ****$386***** !!!!! DOES AMAZON THINK IM AN IDIOT????
The Fire The fire is a cool device, however, you cannot have pictures or an image in the back screen it's black. You can't see notifications in a locked screen it just shows you you have a text message or email. You don't see how my notifications you have for any apps and your not alerted for them. I have to use my iPhone for some of my other apps because the fire doesn't have them and will not know when they'll be getting them.
Fire Phone Fantastic!!! I love my new Amazon Fire Phone! It is fantastic, fast, and easy to navigate for books, music, and videos. I am so glad I switched to Amazon/At&t with a FREE year of Prime! Thank you Amazon
Its very pretty! Its a nice phone Its very pretty! Its a nice phone. Its very similar to an iPhone, yet at the same time its completely different. I've only had mine maybe a month, so I have a lot to learn still. So far so good.
Great phone! I really like this phone! It functions just like a kindle so as a kindle owner it was easy for me to get used to navigating! Most apps that I use have been available and I have been able to download ones that amazon doesn't have yet from external sites. Ive had the phone for over a month now and still like it!
Great phone for the price Bought this phone about 6 months ago. Great phone for the price and good battery life once you disable the useless Dynamic perspective feature. Was going to buy additional Fire phones for my family but disappointed that it is no longer available. Gets a 4 star instead of a 5 due to many of the apps I normally use are not available through the Amazon app store.
Amazon Fire Phone. I am liking it so far. . .ONGOING At first, I wasn't so sure. But after having for 3 days and getting used to it after switching from the IPhone 4, I am really starting to like it. Love the Free Year of Amazon Prime, which mine was just about to renew, so that was covered just in time. I think if you are an Amazon Prime member, you could love this phone. I like how it has the swivel to get to the side windows. Getting used to the ring tones and alarm sounds. The action time for Apps, seems much faster than for the I Phone I previously had. The camera can be activated automatically by pushing the lower left button without unlocking your phone, and the clarity of pics is pretty clear. Firefly is pretty cool: Just take a picture of a book or DVD or TV show, even, your interested in, and the info and reviews will pop up on your screen. The Voice activated look up feature works really well. Just hold the main button down and say what you want it to find, and it will look for you. I just got my first I-phone 2 years ago with the I-phone 3 when it was free on upgrade, and thought that was magic, so again so far I am liking this phone. . .I also like to read on my phone so there's more space on the phone for reading books, watching shows, listening to music, etc. Now I am having a problem with streaming music. I would think if it is downloaded, you could play the music, and not have streaming issues. Might be just the Wi-Fi, but this is getting annoying. . . Also annoying that they can't automatically let you look up ITunes online and download the music you bought from I-Tunes. On my I Phone, I could get Prime Music on it. Their App Store is also lacking in Apps. Amazon has enough share in the market don't they. They need to allow us to access our Apps and Music Previously downloaded on other devices. Monkey Buddy App that came on the phone was great to keep my one year old niece and pre-k nephew entertained for a good half hour or more while we waiting for an airplane to take off. This app also displays the featured DYNAMIC PERSPECTIVE, which is when you move the phone around you, the game or app is supposed to move with you.
... Kindle user for 5 years and have been very satisfied with the line I have been a Kindle user for 5 years and have been very satisfied with the line. I am on my 3rd Kindle. When the phones came out I knew I wanted one. I just got it in November, I love it!
A bit dissappointed. So I was really excited about this phone. Mainly because I love love love the Kindles I have. But there are several apps that I use that aren't available on Amazon's ecosystem. Plus, last night the home button was messing up, I've only had the phone since last Thursday. And the battery life is not as good as they claim. I know this is their first attempt at a phone and there are great things about the phone, but I'm really considering going back to my old iphone...A bit dissappointed...Sorry Amazon! I won't say don't buy it, if it was my first smartphone, it would probably be okay, in fact awesome. But it's not my first and I think I'm comparing to what I've had in the past. And I have had both Android and Iphones...Love the Android os and the iphone os. Plus I can get my Starbucks app, and other apps on both of the other operating systems and my battery lasted a lot longer.
I got this phone and omg I love it if I don't know what song is on ... I got this phone and omg I love it if I don't know what song is on firefly tells me what's song it is and the pictures it takes Ce out better then the iPhone so me it's worth the money
I love my new phone I love my new phone. Its very innovative and has some really cool features. Only thing Im finding is that the screen freezes and sometimes when your typing the keyboard comes up blank.
It works great, I can read kindle I disagree with the negative reviews on this phone. It works great, I can read kindle, receive email, and make phone calls. Battery life is fine, and screw the Google Play app store.
no future app support Amazon dropping the phone makes it unlikely that developers will publish on the amazon app store, making the phone essentially irrevalent. Would never buy any future Amazon hardware!
I love my fire phone I love my fire phone. For me it was easy to use and it syncs very well with all of my Amazon products. It works just like my kindle. Give this phone a try and you will love it to.
... and and one year of amazon prime is the best phone. Battery last more than enough Based on the price and and one year of amazon prime is the best phone. Battery last more than enough. Really responsiveness. Great display. Camera is good and hardware very resistant. Homescreen respond great for the price. Now if you want to ne ahead of the game in technology pay for another overprice phone.
Liked phone for a bit Liked phone for a bit. Then there were the conflicts with Google.... Cracked the back on a minor fall. NO ONE REPAIRS THESE. Without the ability to get a screen fixed- i'd avoid....
Dynamic Perspective is amazing as us battery life and Amazon Prime UI takes some getting used to. Dynamic Perspective is amazing as us battery life and Amazon Prime!! Only drawback is not all Android apps are Amazon friendly. Great phone overall.
loving the fire phone Phone is great works better than most smartphones I've had. Great features, it's easy to use and feels great in your hands. The early pre launch reviews had me worried but the phone is a solid entry for Amazon. I love it! Would recommend to anyone.
I think this phone is amazing! The only thing that may need some tweeting I think this phone is amazing! The only thing that may need some tweeting, in my opinion, is the speaker phone. It goes in and out of sounding like it is in a box. Also, I use the phone for basic functions. Facebook, Twitter, camera, histogram, email, etc.
awesome phone My last phone was a Windows phone that I really enjoyed having and was sad to move to android phone but I am extremely amazed with the fire phone so I am happy with the change
love it I Love my new phone. I would have given it five stars but something needs to be done to allow for use of common apps such as online banking...other than that it is fantastic!
Soooo bad I love Amazon and I love my kindle fire. This phone started out ok the first month, but as soon as I surpassed the return deadline, the phone started acting up. The screen freezes, swiping doesn't work, the phone will either power down or restart for no reason. Some calls never show up on the call log. Very, very disappointed. I paid 199 for this phone and saw that a month later Amazon was giving this away for 99 cents. Considering letting another carrier buy out my AT&T contract just to get rid of this POS.
awesome phone I have been very impressed with the fire phone. the ease of use and quality is awesome. the only issue i have is the lack of apps in the store...that is always improving.
Good so far So far it is a good phone. The software and sound are good. My phone does not run hot, as others have claimed that is does. On the fence on wether to go back to my Android simply because the Apps are better through the google store.
although I am getting familiar with the fire phone and I love it minus the mentioned mishaps above Using the speakerphone on calls, could be a little louder.. I also miss my speech enabled ability to announce calls ands text messages as well as the ability to read messages... Those are just things I miss, although I am getting familiar with the fire phone and I love it minus the mentioned mishaps above...
I am not sure how I feel about this phone ... I am not sure how I feel about this phone. I have had it for 2 days now and it;s kind of complicated. There was no instruction book included and transferring contacts and information was kind of a hassle. I ended up entering them manually. It also has had a glitch on facebook, whenever I try to look at feedback on my site it times out...and having issues with text messaging. It is showing I have a message but there is not one on there. I even deleted them all and started over. So far I am having mixed reviews.. I will give it a few weeks for me to adjust to it.
An A for effort for sure, but then it's about delivering on quality against the compeition. A good first foray into the highly competitive smartphone market but comes up short. I'm a huge Amazon fan, having bought from them all the way back in the mid 90s when books were all they sold. I see the thinking that went into this phone from various points of view. Come up with exclusive features like Fire Fly and Mayday among others, set the market with your core customer base and give an exclusive to one of the major cell phone carriers. Check all those boxes. ANY new product launch is fraught with problems and issues. The Fire Phone is no different. You can read all the tech information and the early user reviews elsewhere and you should if you're thinking of being loyal to Amazon and get the phone, as I initially did. However, I'm returning the phone because of the following: Battery life really sucks. It gets hot enough to burn your skin after a few hours. The touted exclusive features work OK but not great. I can't get Gmail to work on it. They say it will, but in my case, no way. I understand the war going on here with Google. I need my Gmail for business and this won't cut it. Wrapping up, I'm still a big supporter and fan of Amazon. I have their TV unit which is superb and the HDX which is impressive as well. The phone? eh. I'll wait for the 2d generation to see how many dents they've pounded out from the initial offering. I do give credit for Amazon having taking on the big boys at Android and Apple in particular. Good show there. For now, I'm keeping my Samsung Note 2 until they (Amazon) have figured it out from their sales/customer reviews/results and the attendant remedies they've done before I again consider the APhone2 which I will. UPDATE: (Feb 11, 2015) I reordered the Fire Phone to serve as my in-car 2d/backup phone because loyalty has its place and I do love Amazon for many reasons over the past many years, so their service to me which has always been superb has to be realized. It may sound corny and probably is but that's how I see it. Besides, the Fire Phone is hardly a sacrifice in this realm because of the stand-alone features it provides above and beyond the Apple/Androids of the marketplace. Do I still have concerns about the first offering from Amazon on this phone? Yes, but it feels much better to have it than not, much better to go with what I know about the company and its standards. Touchy-feely review here on the update? Probably, but I won't apologize for it.
There are innovative things about the phone that I love. There are some issues, and that can be expected with any first generation phone, but I was pleasantly surprised. There are innovative things about the phone that I love.
Hey, guys, it's great! I like my Fire Phone! I've used it primarily as a telephone with voice and text messaging, and I love that I can read my Kindle books on it. I am a slow learner with technology, so I haven't used many apps. However, when I need help, the friendly FirePhone helper is right there with the flick of a button. Thanks, Amazon!
Phone woes. I had higher hopes for this phone when I got it. I have had it now for 5 months and my time of owning it has not been a pleasant one. I had to get my original replaced because the gyroscopes not being able to sense when I removed the phone from my face. I was unable to end calls so I had to go into setting and make my lock button my end call button. After that I started having another issue to where if I wanted to press on something I would have to do it indirectly in order to get the thing I wanted to press. Example, if want to click on a Facebook message or comment I will have to press above the comments or message that I want to read just to be able to select the one that I want(I have 2 of these phones the both do the same thing). I also expected more from the dynamic display other then lock screens and kid games. The limited app store is also a MAJOR issue. I got my phone when it was strictly for AT&T so now my att app needs to be updated and can't because the app it self isn't in the store. In my opinion They should open the phone up to be able to access the Google play store till they get there own store up to par. The only thing this phone really offers. For the price you pay it will be a good phone for a child getting there first phone other then that if your an android lover this phone is not for you.
I like the phone and all the features but have one ... I like the phone and all the features but have one issue with button on the side. With phone in pocket, button to launch camera is easily depressed and turns camera on.
THE BEST SECRET AMAZON DIDNT TRY TO KEEP I absolutely love this phone LOVE OVE LOVE it I have been saving to buy more of them. Now they are stopping sales noooooooo can we have all the fire os secrets now?
The camera is GREAT, compared to my iPhone4 The camera is GREAT, compared to my iPhone4. I REALLY like the larger screen. I don't like the fact that I was unable to transfer my calendar from my iPhone4 to the FIRE...still trying to add everything manually. Another downfall, I am unable to use a lot of the Apps I had on my iPhone4; such as Savings finders (Wal-Mart), certain shopping Apps, Cinemax, etc. So I still have to use my iPhone for those Apps to continue my rewards programs, etc. - that REALLY STINKS! It does have some neat features; but had I known I would not be able to use all the same things/apps, I probably would have stuck it out with Apple and gone with the iPhone6.
they dont have the bugs out yet. Have swipe issues and has to be restarted to correct itself it gets slow at times and dialing a number really takes forever I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be considering it cost so much. Finally figured out how to get ringtones
Fire Phone, a great product! I'm so glad that I got the Fire Phone, now that I have used it, I wouldn't want any other phone! I would recommend it to anyone. Thanks AMAZON for a great product.
My opinion after switching from Android to Fire phone I wish the apps that come with the Fire phone would be more robust. Like the Music app, it doesn't even feature an equalizer or any other of the music player free apps. Also, Maps does not have any Bicycle routes? Google maps has it! Basically I have to get on the browser and use Google maps when I am searching for bicycle paths or routes on a map, kinda sad really, since I enjoy the looks of the Fire phone and the Fire OS itself I think It has lot of potential but it is not quite there yet, in comparison with the biggest two OS; IOS & Android. Moreover, I would recommend to go to a store and see how it feels before you buy it since in my opinion is a little heavier than the rest of the phones out there. If you're into apps, do not go for this phone. If you are looking for a phone that is not the same phone that everyone else has and that performs well, looks good and discrete. Please then go for the Amazon Fire phone.
Honestly, my favorite smartphone Everyone said this phone needs work. It doesn't. All it probably needs in my opinion is a sort of cooling system and an extra gig of RAM. This is hands down my favorite smartphone. People, before you give all sorts of hate to Amazon, look at the quality of the phone first. Don't listen to lousy critics. And, you can get the google play store on the phone. Just google it.
Had this stupid phone for 11 months No wonder they discontinued this POS. After 2 mos. I had to buy a new charger, 2 weeks later ANOTHER. Had this stupid phone for 11 months, and regardless of what charger or cord I use, it will not charge. Worst $200 I've ever wasted!!
Great phone, Amazon should let the customer feel like they own the phone though. This phone is very captivating, and Amazon almost got this phone right. Pros: Display, self adjusting awesomeness. Tilt menus, fluid. Menus, very readable. Carousel, neat album art concept for your apps/books. Size and appearance, sleek, slim, comfortable. Camera, pretty clear, color accurate, and quick snapshots. Cons: Simple features just are not supported. Wallpapers/Lockscreens, you get what you're given...(People mention workarounds are buggy.) Disable 4G Bands, not an option. Carousel, adds everything you click on everytime you click on it...(This means you can't refine your home screen without sideloading.) Suggestions: Amazon needs to let users decide how -their- phone appears. Starting with a wallpaper control. Followed by adding an option to lock the carousel without sideloading an alternate application. Other fairly niche options should exists.
I think this would be a perfect phone, but no Not available in my zip code. Really? I'm in Virginia, and I can't get this? I'm in the market for a knew phone, and in my research, I stumble on this. So, I have a kindle, Amazon fire TV, and all the TV / movies I watch I get from prime. So, I think this would be a perfect phone, but no, can't get it in Virginia. I have AT&T (here in Va), whom amazon offers the plan with, but not here. Guess I'll get the Samsung Galaxy after all.
Great Phone I was hesitant at first when I saw the Amazon Fire because I was use to only iphones , plus shopping for a new phone is so hard nowadays because there's so many to choose from and all the companies are trying to shove their phones in your face, but wow! I really like this phone.It has so many features and you can do so many things on it and with it, I'm really glad I bought this phone. I highly recommend the Amazon Fire to everyone.
I love the phone I love the phone. it is different than any other phone on the market. the only hiccup is the lack of popular apps but it is brand new and that will come in time. works amazing with the kindle fire
Great phone I love my 3 fire phones . Camera is great!Bought first fire phone 2 years ago.Working great! Bought 2 more later.I have 3 Amazon tablets. I am an Amazon fan!
I love the Amazon For phone I love the Amazon For phone..it has great dynamic perspective and I love that the picture quality is so greatly..it does so much and it so sleek and sexy...
I am badly in need of research apps like 'research highlights' I am enjoying using it. It has most of the benefits of other expensive phones at affordable price, But many android apps are not compatible with this phone. I don't install much apps. But currently, I am badly in need of research apps like 'research highlights', 'browzine' etc. 'browzine' is compatible with kindle but not with fire phone :(
bring it back Rating of one star due to this phone being discontinued. I was planning on buying one for my son soon, and a new one for myself, and passing my current fire phone on to my younger daughter. Now, if I want one, I'll have to try my luck with eBay. Not happy at all. Bring it back!
this phone is awesome!! As a prime user and kindle fire hd owner, this phone is awesome!!!...All of my apps were available from the cloud....another free year of prime, unlimited cloud storage for photos, prime music, firefly, dynamic perspective are all pluses for me....have't used google play in years, and any app not on amazon can be sideloaded....other than cost (partially offset by free year of prime) and being tied to one provider there is no downside to this phone in my view.
... to move away from iPhone yet have been very satisfied with my new Amazon Fire phone I was a bit worried to move away from iPhone yet have been very satisfied with my new Amazon Fire phone. It's fun and very functional. I love it!
Five Stars Really enjoy the phone
So so disappointed I wanted to love this phone. It is Amazon and I love all things Amazon but this is a complete let down. I cannot block calls. The singular home button is frustrating. The appstore is so small that I find myself having to use third party sources to find all the popular apps I had installed on my android. The speakers do not have a good volume. The design does not allow you to place your phone on a surface and amplify the sound. The camera is great. I have kept this phone because I am an Amazon fanatic. I purchase things all the time and love having it in the palm of my hand. The way it interacts with my fire tv is also a plus. I hate to give it so few stars but I liken this phone to a Firefly Phone, Its simplicity as a phone and what it can do is really child's play.
I love the Fire Phone I love the Fire Phone. I love how the screen moves with your face and the little games that come with it. I love how I was able to download my music on to the phone without any problems. The Mayday button is very useful, they helped me download my work documents onto my phone from my computer with no problem what so ever. I like how I can go straight to the amazon store to buy the baby supplies that I need with out having to go to my computer. Its very different from using the iPhone, but I enjoy it. Its something new and, in my opinion, is a lot better than the iPhone.
Amazon Fire phone disappoints I am a loyal and avid Amazon fan and pre-ordered the phone. I have been very disappointed. Unlike all the other Amazon electronics I have owned the phone does not live up to its marketing nor my expectations. I have experienced disappearing contacts when on the phone. The Mayday person I have worked has never owned a smart phone so he was lacking on the ability to understand what my expectations were or what I was talking about. The battery life is worse than any smart phone I have ever owned. I think the apps must stay open and are running the battery down. The Mayday tech said there is no app for shutting them down. I have also had several difficulties with AT&T trying to get things like the phone's hot spot to work and getting the visual voice mail to work. The AT&T visual voice mail app was not loaded nor in the Amazon app store. I don't think I can recommend the phone at this time. Jeff Bezo says we do the hard things every time - not this time. Sorry Jeff.
which was a very cool experience. Amazon confirmed that they could not unlock ... Although many reviews mention the "without service plan" version as being "unlocked" it is in fact locked. Used the mayday functionality on the phone, which was a very cool experience. Amazon confirmed that they could not unlock the phone, only ATT could. I contacted ATT and they refused to unlock the phone. Without freedom of carrier this device is not of use to me and I have returned it.
Not happy. Not what I expected. The glass is already scratched after two months. The functions are glitchy, nothing runs smoothly. The phone also randomley reboots itself, and shuts off. I should have stayed with the iphone.
Innovative but doesn't hold your attention. I purchased this phone when it first hit the market. I've always been a Samsung's girl but allowed myself to be sold. Change is good right? Wrong! I loved being able to shop on Amazon with a touch of my finger but that's not enough to keep me.
Great Smartphone I have only found one thing I do not like about this phone. The lack of apps. Since I knew this before I purchased. It get 5 for sure stars.
I'm extremely pleased with the performance It is almost everything that I thought it would be. It has a few glitches and such, but overall, I'm extremely pleased with the performance.
I enjoy the sis and the set up but an having ... I enjoy the sis and the set up but an having trouble when I'm in an app and in large a pic you can't back out without restarting the phone.
love So far I like most everything about this phone. The camera is great and it seems to be the quality product that I would expect from amazon.
great phone Great phone. Love it!
sad but true I'll give it a star for it being pretty and sleek but everything else was sub par. Sound quality was poor, every time an app needed updates when you try downloading it, it says this is not compatible with your device. The same thing happens when you try to get the Amazon prime music player required to stream your music So that's a big slap in the face. No genuine YouTube app??? Come on Really? The list goes on.....My at&t store told me that 100% of sales on this phone were returned, now I see why.
Don't knock it till you try it. Most people don't understand technology and how it evolves, when great things become greater and how the Fire fits into the scheme of things. This phone will be similar to all new phones, there are going to be bugs and a lack of what people want in the way of apps/software but it's already coming fast. Dynamic perspective....yeah IPhone lock screen has something similar but they don't have it like the Fire. Firefly....great for on the go and you need to know the name of that song before it kills you. I will have more to rant about later with the Fire, but so far so good.
So Much Better Than I expected The Amazon Fire Phone will go down in history as a flop. A giant failure on Amazon's mostly solid report card. In some ways, I would agree with that thought. The Amazon Fire Phone certainly didn't check off all of the right boxes, but for me it was a fantastic purchase. I'm not going to get into all the details because I think there are any number of reviews that can tell you about the phones specifications and performance. All I'm going to say is this: As a phone aficionado I go through about 4 or 5 different phones each year. Of all the phones I own and have used, the only phone that I keep up-to-date as a working "back up" should my daily driver fail, is the Amazon Fire Phone. Make of that what you will, but this little guy turned out to be pretty great for me (also, please note I only paid $150 for the device, I imagine if I paid $600+ I'd feel differently).
I'm very happy with the phone I'm very happy with the phone, but disappointed that Amazon cut the price shortly after I bought it from $199 to $.99. The fact that they cut the price so quickly raises red flags about the longevity of this device. I was considering a Nokia 1520 but it's price was a steady $199 for over a year so I decided to go with the Fire Phone. I love the Prime integration and I was able to import almost my entire music collection without digital rights issues (about 4,000 songs). Battery life is comparable to other phones I've had. The quad core processor is very fast. It boots up quickly and it's only locked up once on me. Pros: - Fast Processor - Prime integration - Excellent Customer support - Excellent display - Mine has been very stable - I was able to synchronize with both Outlook and Facebook contacts Cons: - Quick price drop from $199 to $.99 was disappointing and disconcerting - Not all Android apps are in the App Store (actually, you can install any Android app) - Keyboard lacks emojis/emoticons
too easy to turn on when using phone difficult to hold the camera button is in the wrong place, too easy to turn on when using phone. Also since my purchase I am receiving ads from other companies I have no interest in...feel like AT&T has passed me around to the world :(
I have annoying sound on fire phone like turu Help... I have annoying sound on fire phone like turu, turu, turu... It's terrible and i just want to smash him. Every time when i want to do something he starts irritate me. BDW i turn off all sounds, i do all restarts things, master restart etc. What to do? Even a people who doing support online doesn't know, they keep telling me restart your phone, turn off all sounds...
It is awesome. I have been subjected to the lack luster of the Samsung Galaxy 2. Imagine my surprise when I got my hands on the FIRE! It is awesome.
Really sharp graphics and great basic apps that come with the phone Really sharp graphics and great basic apps that come with the phone. I love the firefly app and it takes really nice pictures. Only complaint is that the battery drains fast but it just means I have to get used to keeping it charged up.
some getting used to It's a great phone. I am used to Android phones. It's very different from one of those. I've had it for about a week and a half now and still am getting used to it. You have to have an amazon account just to sign in the phone at the beginning when your setting everything up. A lot of things on the app store are free but a lot of things like zedge ringtones free mp3 music and things like that you can download for free on an android phone don't even show up in the app store on this phone. Which really sucks because the ringtones that come on the phone are very soft and I have already been late to work twice because I need a loud alarm to wake me up in the morning. This phone was a present for me. I do like it but I do not love it. But so far I haven't had any issues with it and it's pretty durable seeing as I've dropped it at least three or four times now.
Now i know what they mean by SMART phone. I don't write reviews. But i have to say for my 1st week with this phone---AWESOME. So far the only thing that it doesn't do for me is drive my car. Now i know what they mean by SMART phone.
What about a smart watch? Love the phone. Easy to use and great features. But I really wish Amazon would figure out how to make a smart watch work with it.
yuck I love my fire phone. Or maybe I'm still in denial. Amazon's app store is severely lacking. Everything is only available through Google or Apple...which this phone does not support. I was happy to be google free .....but now...I'm counting the days till I can upgrade phones and get rid of this thing. Also it's started freezing up, especially when using camera. I can handle that...but not the lack of useful apps
New Advancements Awesome 3-D graphics. It takes a little get used to, as this has technology that shifts with hoe you point and look at the phone.
It fits perfectly in my hand and its sleak design allows me to easily manage the fire This New Amazon Fire Phone/Device fits all my needs as a Technician.The bright flash light,and other installed apps help me with my work,as well as the long lasting battery life.It fits perfectly in my hand and its sleak design allows me to easily manage the fire.Cant wait for new upcoming apps to check out.TRhank You Amazon!
I love it, I have the unlocked version I love it, I have the unlocked version. No complaints, seems this phone is way underrated but it is actually a very good phone.
... what the other people are saying this is a great phone! Don't be led astray by all the ... I don't care what the other people are saying this is a great phone! Don't be led astray by all the naysayer's, get one today!
love it Love it. Love the firefly technology; it can tell you the scene on a movie or show and even the actor's in the scene. Amazing.
it's not like the entire phone is made up of 3D it's ... I was really looking forward to getting this phone when I first saw this ad online about a month ago. I even had a Sony Xperia Z1 ordered then canceled it upon seeing the ad for this phone. So I waited tirelessly and anxiously for this phone to arrive and when I got it I was very excited but unfortunately seeing all the mediocre reviews online and the TV commercials being advertised by two children really turned me off. I thought at least I would give it a try but what I discovered from the lack thereof was the deal breakers for me. I will just summarized by the Pros and Cons below. Cons: 1. This Amazon Fire phone doesn't give you the option in importing all your contacts from you old sim card so all the contacts I have on my older phone wasn't able to get transferred to this Amazon phone?! I have over 200 contacts so I certainly wasn't going to manually input all the names and phone number one by one. This is after calling Amazon tech support and AT&T support still no way of transferring even using AT&T online addressbook. 2. Battery starts to drain when you use the primary most talked about features, 3D resolutions, I have a petpeev about weak battery life so this was dud to me. Besides what's the use of the 3D anyway, it's not like the entire phone is made up of 3D it's more for certain games and for using some map features which i careless. 3. I use my phone without internet or wifi most of the times so when I'm driving or just listening to a radio I could use either Soundhound or Shazam to search the name of the music or songs on the radio. Of course, the Shazam or Soundhound will save the songs and I'm able to access the saved songs once I have wifi. But with Firefly or downloading the Shazam ti didn't have the capability to save or stored the song and be able to search later with wifi? That's a big NO NO! Also, NO SoundHound either from the Amazon app store. Pros: 1. Nice looking phone. 2. Prime membership if you shop with Amazon at least once a month like I do. 3. Amazon 24 hour customer service. Concusion: I returned the phone only a one day of usage and went ahead and ordered the Sony Xperia Z1 from Amazon. So I still gave Amazon the business even though I returned the Fire phone. Nevertheless, the Fire phone is limited for me, especially that contacts I couldn't import. Now that I got my Sony Xperia Z1 today, it's working just like I expected, the contacts importing feature is there and I had no trouble importing all 200 plus contacts and I'm also able to shop at Google Play store without worrying about whether they have apps I need or not like I would with Amazon app stores. I still love Amazon for the shopping convenience and their customer service but their Fire phone is, I guess, what it's advertised to be, more suitable for children.
Nice phone with some neat features, but lacking in some major areas. Update 9/9/14 My keyboard went missing today while trying to browse the web. I switched over to messaging and it still was not showing up. I turned the phone off and on a few times to see if that would clear it and then it would not turn back on. After 15 minutes or so, it finally turned back on but the battery lost 20% I took it to AT&T service center and they made me do a factory reset. So far it is working, but it's still a bit quirky. Factory resetting this is not a great fix Amazon. ATT said that it is probably a software glitch, but cannot confirm it since the device was working ok when I was at the center. I am not in love with this phone and regret wasting my money (I paid full price). Seeing Amazon giving it away within 2 months of release is a slap in this customers face. If this is how Amazon is trying to make money, then they will lose me pretty much as a customer. I still love my kindle, but this phone is not a winner. 99 cent phones don't receive a lot of updates unless Amazon is willing to roll out a better phone/operating system in the near future. I'm now stuck using this phone for the next 2 years because of the 2 year commitment with ATT. Moms can buy this phone for their kids - like the commercial because this adult is frustrated with it. It would probably make a good toy. Amazon would do themselves right by giving their customers that preordered this phone and/or paid AT&T the full price some sort of credit or at least give us a few years of Prime for our suffering with this thing. ============================================== Update - I received an unexpected email from Amazon support today referencing my review. They are definitely reading these reviews. It wasn't much help as I already have done the steps they suggested for battery life. (Turn off blue tooth, use auto for the screen light, watch the heavy usage on videos and such.) After having the phone for a few days, the battery life is better. Today, I have made zero calls and no downloading or watching videos. I've only checked my email and the weather a few times and the battery has lasted all day. I'm not a big voice user, so I haven't a clue how the talk time wears down this battery. This is much better than the first day when I had it in my pocket all day and it died within 6 hours. I'm glad I didn't need to make a call. I am pleased that Amazon is taking the time to read our reviews. I am hoping that they have their IT folks working away at our issues. I don't want to be stuck with a phone that I can barely use. The phone is growing on me, but it still bugs me about the lack of apps/no google play, and the battery life still scares me. Hey Amazon - think about your loved ones with a dead battery trying to reach you in an emergency. I'm not always near a power supply to keep this thing charged! =============== I am a fan of Amazon. I have a kindle paperwhite that I dearly love and have had zero problems with it. I figured I'd take the plunge and try the new fire phone as my Iphone battery life was disappointing. When I read the specs on Amazon phone touting lots of standby time, I was eager to try it. The battery on this phone is worse than my Iphone! I'm not running a lot of apps, turned off what I could to see if that would help with the battery life. Nope, still a battery pig. I was sad to see that I could not download anything from google play. The apps store is lacking on a few of my favorite apps, including the local TV station's app. The sounds of the phone are not loud enough for me to hear when I'm in a different room or around loud machinery. I wish I could make the icons larger, now I have to have my reading glasses handy when using the phone. The phone does have a lot of cool features. I am an Amazonaholic, so I like a lot of the phone features linked up with my Amazon account. That part I really like and thank Amazon for that. I don't usually buy brand new technology. I should have stayed with that philosophy and let Amazon get the kinks out before I bought the phone. Now I have to carry my charger everywhere with me. You can add the fire phone to the Samsung commercial with everyone sitting on the floor charging their phones at the airport. Now I will have to buy a solar charger when I go camping. I hope Amazon is reading these reviews and gets back to the drawing board for some quick fixes.
A seamless, bug free, dedicated user experience. Call quality is excellent. It has a great camera that backs up photos to the cloud, and now with the OneDrive app also backs up to my Live account. The Fire phone offers a superior user experience while getting into and out of books, movies, TV, magazines, games etc...especially Amazon media. Because it is dedicated it takes fewer clicks to get to a movie streaming real HD glitch-free. Other devices can stream that movie but it takes a little longer to get into it, the quality is less stable, and the app is more buggy. The Fire phone synchronizes effortlessly with your other Kindle devices so you can instantly pick up where you left off. There is a learning curve getting used to how it addresses conveniences using new technology it offers like "Peak" for information by tilting the phone a little and side menus with a twist of the wrist but after using it for awhile it makes more sense than other phones. It is less buggy than most Android phones. I can easily see how this would not be for you if you did not like Amazon but...are you crazy?. In the same way that the Nexus 5 is dedicated to Google, this is for Amazon. I don't need much else beyond email, text, web browsing, news, pictures and Amazon services. The store has most of the apps I wanted with a few notable exceptions that are coming out soon. I like the feel of it. The screen is crystal clear. It streams media with very high resolution. The battery lasts long enough for me to only charge it once a day, which is not as good as an IPhone but better then the Android based HTC Evo I had. I guess I am one of the people who will not be returning it, probably because I like a dedicated Amazon device like my Kindle Fire Tablets. They go well together. A marriage made in heaven. I hear complaints that it doesn't do as much as an Android phone. A Porsche doesn't do as much as an SUV either, but if you want to go very fast around corner's and you are willing to pay for it... I don't own an SUV.
Great hardware, but no Google Play store I bought this phone about a week ago, and I'm enjoying it more the more I play with it. A lot of the things people are complaining about are honestly small things that you could get used to if you wanted to, like the menu navigation. This is only my second smart phone, and I'm not sure I'd say it's better than my old phone (which was a Motorola Droid Razr M), but I'm definitely not returning it. Though, to be fair, I got it for free with a service contract, so even if I hated it, it wasn't really a waste of money... The hardware's great; the screen is a good size and great resolution, its processor is as powerful as my laptop's for some reason (why does a phone need this, I don't know), and the outward-facing camera's got good resolution. However, the hardware does drain the battery when you're actually using it. I don't really use my phone for much besides talking and playing music, though. Not having access to the Google app store is a huge downside and a very legitimate complaint; hopefully this changes at some point. I would be fine buying my apps through Amazon if they had the same selection, but they simply don't. At least it's an Android, so you can easily install whatever apps you want on it, provided you can find a way to get their installation packages... And now for some petty stuff: As an upside, I'm a sucker for gimmicky technology so the face-tracking camera thing is cool even though I'm sure that's part of why the phone would've cost so much without a data plan. As a downside, I don't think I can smother the speaker on this phone with my hand if it starts making noise in a public place or something. Maybe I just haven't found the right spot yet. Overall the phone seems solid, though I didn't factor in some things other people would consider, such as the price and interface (You'll learn to use the interface if you don't stubbornly/cynically refuse not to). If it had the Google store, I'd give it five stars, but even as someone who doesn't really purchase apps I feel like that's rather important.
Great phone Still works great after more that a year and turned out to be a good value over time as it is a veritable tank of a phone!
I'm an early adopter. I've had several smartphones: Blackberry; Motorola Droid; Motorola Razr; Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I like it! This phone has done everything I've tried so far, and then some, with one exception - I can't get it to sync my Fitbit One. Yet. I wanted to test this phone against the others to see how it stacks up. I have Fire HDX tablet as well. The Dynamic Perspective is very cool. Haven't put Firefly to work yet. Just testing all the basic apps, email, etc., to make sure it does all the the daily use things I need. So far, so good. It performs as well and in some cases, better than the other smartphones i've used. The high def is excellent. The one-hand features like side menus are a plus. I like the heft of this phone, and amazon has stayed with their dimension ratios they use in their tablets - longer and narrower - which fits my hand better than my Galaxy. Here's a short video of the phone's 'Dynamic Perspective'with the interavtive "Monkey Buddy" - the vacuum cleaner background noises do not come with the phone ;) Amazon's new Fire Smartphone: http://youtu.be/Yka75mSEW7s Stay tuned - my guess is, this is only the beginning :)
in love with my Amazon Fire Phone I am in love with my Amazon Fire Phone, i love this phone more then i liked my other cell phones i have had in the past
Great phone but not enough apps I really enjoy this phone way better than the iPhone the only thing I don't like is the App Store is seriously lacking
This phone is amazing! It does everything I need and so much ... This phone is amazing! It does everything I need and so much more. And it's in sync with my kindle fire which I love!
Whole Different Animal The Fire Phone is very awkward after having full-android phones for years. Half of the apps I use daily aren't available through the Amazon AppStore. The Camera is fantastic, as is the sound. Video is a bit dim.dark, but fine. No Google Services (voice, wallet, drive...) Can't customize with wallpaper or backgrounds. Kinda dull. The Prime features (video & music) however, are awesome, and frankly, the main reason I got the phone. Love amazon, Learning to like the phone...
I love this phone I love this phone, so far! I finally got to were I hated my iphone, went to an LG that was OK, but I love this!!!!
Would recommend Great phone. Easy to use. It has a huge variety of apps to use. Great price. Good size. Nice design. Nice quality.
Its a great phone, has lots of of features and such ... Its a great phone, has lots of of features and such but it's a little bit glitchy. For example, sometimes very once in a while the screen won't come on unless I hold the power button (no, it's not turned off. When the screen comes back on it asks if I want to turn off or restart the phone.) another thing is that sometimes the screen comes on and then locks itself right back befor the scene can even display. There's a need for dynamic perspective to be slightly tuned so my screen doesn't wig out when someone leans over my shoulder, etc. etc. Either way still better than my iPhone
Five Stars better than apple
sounds great right. The specs were sub par to begin with... then came the dual software. Fire OS 4 is just a stripped down version of kit kat with Amazon software running over top of it. If you want any actual usage out of it you have to re-download all the things amazon removed. This causes the battery to drain faster and the phone to run slower, forcing you to turn off the the single almost redeeming factor to attempt to gain more battery life; the precious 3D effects. Then comes Alexa, sounds great right...wrong, the fire phone never got Alexa and is stuck with the equivalent of iOS's original voice control. Maybe with Fire OS 5 it'll be better, sure maybe but the fire phone stopped receiving updates shortly after it came out, and is virtually unsupported.
I really like my fire phone I really like my fire phone. It does everything I need it to do with a lot of bonuses. I love to be able to watch my movies on the go the picture is nice and it does not get that hot. All in all its a nice phone.
One Star Completely disappointed, the app store is horrible. No big ticket apps make their way to the Amazon app store.
not loving this phone I really wanted to love this phone but the apps fir everyday use just aren't there. I miss them! Life was so easy when everything was right on my phone. I assumed they would be. I almost returned the phone, I really wish I had. The phone seems more for kids as most of the apps are games.
The phone is amazing, I love the help option The phone is amazing, I love the help option, Prime, the apps, the way the phone operates. Its just amazing.
Four Stars love the high tech features of the phone, dislike not all android apps are availible or compatable with phone
I'll check it out again in a year or two There were so many things I loved about it (Firefly, display, etc.), but it wouldn't work with the apps I needed. In the end, it was just an expensive toy with poor battery life, so I returned it. I don't think Amazon really thought this through. Such great potential and such poor delivery.
... a fan of using Amazon prime this phone is great. If you aren't part of the cult of ... If you are a fan of using Amazon prime this phone is great. If you aren't part of the cult of prime walk on.
The most awesome phone I have ever owned The most awesome phone I have ever owned. I am still learning all that it can do. For me, it seems easier to operate than my husband's Apple iPhone.
Love it!! My son loves it!
All Smiles with the Fire I have had a slide phone for years. This is my first experience with a smart phone. I have had a Kendle Fire for about two years and loved it. So it was natural for me to choose the Fire Phone when I saw the poster at the ATT store. I am enjoying the ease of using it. Lots of crazy New apps and the old ones are still there for me to access.
fire phone is awesome! Fire phone is amazing good quality build and pretty fast, I know is only on AT&T but is better than any phone a previously owned. My only critic the price tag of this phone would have been at $450 everybody would be loving it.
Best phone EVERRR!!!! Amazing phone I've got in trouble many times for being obsessed with it every thing about it is amazing.
Four Stars I really like the Amazon Fire Phone, it is everything I expected it would be. Amazon never disappoints!
stop trying g to rip us off and put this phone back to its rich price $199 Unlock for 199 is a good deal $449 is pure ripoff their marketing team is insane to keep increasing the price on the unlocked version of this phone. Especially after doing some research and finding out that their per unit manufacturing costs aren't even close to $80.
I really like this phone I really like this phone...it has amazing graphics and it is fast when it comes to web browsing too.
and so far I like it a great deal I may very well increase my stars as I get used to the phone. I've only had it a couple of weeks, and so far I like it a great deal. it has been relatively easy for a non-techy person such as me to set up. I am still struggling to figure out a few aps. I can appreciate the sleek packaging, but I do wish it came with a small manual to refer to. I like to read and do ... and that way I learn. And I am not ALWAYS near a computer where I can do the 'online manual'. Thankfully if I get to the point where I 'Just Can't Get It' the location where I purchased it is only a couple of miles from where I live, so I can head over there and beg for help. So Amazon .. consider a booklet of some type when you do the next upgrade,
Amazon’s cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal Amazon’s cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal, gas and nuclear power. Amazon’s Fire’s reliance on dirty energy isn’t cutting edge, and it’s completely unnecessary. Storing our photos, music and messages shouldn’t mean we are forced to damage the health of our climate and communities. Apple, Facebook, and Google have figured out how to store our photos and music with renewable energy, and so can Amazon
Fire Phone may be a competitor for iPhone 1st simm card failed after 5 days. Great display. Battery life may be a question, charge drops fast after 12 hrs. Huge storage. Not crazy about the firefly button, gets tripped easily. Did I say great display and photo quality. Check back in a year for the real results
It was what I wanted if you enjoy your kindle fire this is the good phone and ... It was what I wanted if you enjoy your kindle fire this is the good phone and the free prime rocks
Wirks fine and has good specs A prety decent phone. Wirks fine and has good specs. Still need to improve on the apps available.
Five Stars I really love this phone, still trying to figure it out. Love the Amazon prime free for one year.
Nice phone, works well. Available apps, very limited and very few work, keep freezing up. I bought the unlocked version about 9 months ago. I like it. Phone works fine and texting. Image on screen is very clear and colors are true. I wanted a larger screen and more memory and didn't want to pay $600-700. I got what I wanted for a decent price. I was hoping as time went on Amazon would have more apps available. I just (for the umpteenth time) inadvertently deleted the Weather Channel app from my phone, trying to delete it from the Carousel. When I went to app store, it was no longer available. Safe to assume Amazon is no longer supporting the Fire Phone? nor developing apps? I like the device. I sure miss my i-phone apps big time. I know there is some way to "sideload" from Google, I am not technically advanced enough for that. Update: 2/25/16 It just went off warranty at the beginning of the month. The headset that came with it stopped working a few months after I got it. I cannot hear callers on the earpiece on the phone, discovered this around October. Yesterday the headphone jack went totally out. So basically I can't hear calls. I have had it a year. I have never, ever had a phone die on me. I am very careful with my phones. I liked it when it worked. Totally sick of the limited apps on Amazon. Time for Samsung!
Not bad, but disappointing in key areas I've had my Fire phone for a little over three months. When initially researching smartphones, I decided to ignore those reviews that dinged the Fire for not being a typical Android, for not being compatible with Google apps, etc. Since it was going to be my first smartphone (after being a basic phone and iPod Touch user for several years), I figured I could use the Fire without having any preconceived notions and therefore avoid disappointment. After all, I was no more invested in the Google universe than Gmail, which I'd still be able to use. I'd also never used an Android, so I didn't have any pre-set habits. In the end, I chose the Fire for its price and camera. Here are my conclusions after 3 months: 1.) The actual phone part is just fine. Absolutely no complaints. 2.) The display is very clear and sharp. The Dynamic Perspective thing is neat, but I keep it off most of the time to preserve battery life (I'm not a heavy game player). 3.) Having instant connection to the Amazon store is pretty handy, but I have a feeling that it's not significantly different than having an Amazon app on any other phone. 4.) Firefly is neat and VERY quick in the few instances I've tried the music ID. Product ID is a little hit-or-miss. 5.) I don't see much point in Mayday, but I haven't had any problems that I couldn't look up in the phone's help guide. 6.) The camera...oh, the camera. I have two different regular cameras that I use heavily, but I wanted something that could snap an occasional GOOD photo when I don't have my "real" cameras with me. The camera on my iPod Touch had been pretty crummy, so I was excited about getting something that was supposed to have better clarity and an actual flash. Unfortunately, the camera has been a complete disappointment (for me). If you're thinking about getting the Fire and the camera quality makes a difference to you, be honest with yourself about the type of pictures you're going to be taking. If you want to take lots of outdoor (read: sufficient natural lighting) photos, landscape shots, and stationary indoor shots, you'll probably be happy. Those types of photos turn out quite nicely. If you want to take a single, solitary picture of your kids or your pets, don't count on the Fire's camera to capture the shot. (Unless your kids or pets are really good at posing, holding perfectly still, and keeping their eyes open.) The flash takes forever, the "shutter" takes forever, and chances are pretty good that your toddler or your dog will be long gone before the camera actually takes the shot of whatever cute thing they had been doing. If it does capture them, the pics are usually completely out of focus, whitewashed, or blurry. 7.) I didn't think it would make a lot of difference, but the number of apps that I have not been able to get on the Fire phone is pretty annoying. All things considered, I'm not as happy with the Fire phone as I would have liked to be. I think there's a lot of potential here, but when it comes time to upgrade, I doubt I'll be staying with the Fire phone unless a.) they work on Google compatibility and b.) camera improvements are made.
Five Stars I do not like the phone because I can only download limited apps. Can't download my needed apps
Dynamic Perspective <3😍 The phone is so cool. I got snapchat to work and sideloaded google services. Works like a charm. Everyone thinks it's so cool with the dynamic perspective. That is the main reason I got it. I bought it new on eBay for $ 130. It makes a great backup phone. The battery fires fairly fast if used a lot. Buy a portable battery charger.
It’s on Fire I love everything about this phone --before it even arrived at my house. I ordered it while I was still watching, well, watching the report of the rollout as I couldn't see the live stream. The 3D graphics are amazing. The maps are better than anything I have seen before. I have had maps with representations of buildings and landmarks but they were always difficult to maneuver and understand. MAYDAY is here! This is truly a device that has everything. Every time I open a new screen, there are new things to discover. LOL, Amazon, you put delivery information above missed calls. I did not understand Firefly from the video – not until I had it in hand. It identifies things like books-DVDs-movies-barcodes when you point your phone and hold the camera button. This is amazing. The camera is also superior. I have missed a million snapshots while trying to open my screen and then launch camera. The Fire is completely interactive, especially for those us of who are not high tech on our own. I love the right tilt and the left tilt to open the panels. That is just amazing. Anyone who has ever sat there stabbing at one of those pull up menus on a Kindle Fire will be amazed. I could sit here tilting all day. It is like the difference between the old Nintendo controllers and the new wii controllers – a new world entirely. There is so much that is amazing about this phone! The most important part is that it has everything! This is everything a tablet and a phone and a music player should be. Two things make me sad: I am sorry the carousel has reappeared. The second is the ONLY flaw and this is the same flaw I have with almost every other phone than my Note, is the size of it. I love sleek but I also love a screen I can type on. Oh, and it gets hot. But then it would, wouldn’t it?
It's very easy to use It's very easy to use. UI is intuitive. Battery is moderate, not as bad as described in some of reviews.
Five Stars Easy to use. Great new features. Nice weight. Exactly what I was looking for in a new phone.
Easy to use Easiest smartphone to navigate great phone quality, I have had a kindle tablet for a few years and the phone is very similar. I felt right at home , not intimidated at all.Limited Apps ,and ringtones though
It's ok. Not worth the money I am paying ... It's ok. Not worth the money I am paying for it. I will probably go back to iPhone one day.
Cool phone, but could use a few bug fixes. It is a really neat phone. I've never had an Android OS before, so it's taking some adjusting to. I lost a lot of apps coming over from Apple, hoping that the Android app store catches up soon! Mayday is AWESOME. It's really, REALLY nice to have a team of people there to help me figure out this new phone and all of it's features. I've called them several times for a variety of things, and they have always been helpful and friendly. The maps work really well and are very clear about giving instructions. I am kind of sad you can't personalize the text message tone, at least not that I've been able to figure out. Tapping on icons or trying to select something is hit and miss sometimes. Every once in a while, the screen will be too sensitive, and other times it won't be sensitive enough. The locks screens are really cool and I like that they come out with new ones periodically. Occasionally the screen or app I'm using will glitch. I'm not sure what the issue is exactly, but I'm sure it's just a bug fix that will be taken care of in an upcoming update.
Great phone for my daughter she's 8 so the endless ... Great phone for my daughter she's 8 so the endless free apps are a life saver hours of fun
Five Stars This phone is awesome! It's very user friendly and I like that it is similar to my Kindle.
Just Like Kindle This is just like my Kindle and seeing as how I'm addicted to my Kindle this phone ROCKS!
Easiest navigating phone I've ever had While there are a couple things I hope will change - can't adjust the font on texts (bad for old eyes) and wish my audiobooks didn't stop and start over whenever there is a text or message from Facebook - this is the easiest navigating phone I've ever had. The sound is amazing and it has a phenomenal camera with great picture editing tools. Love it.
Booktastic Useful for when you have books on your Kindle. It gives you a overview of the whole book
was used to IPhone. So its different have to ... was used to IPhone. So its different have to get used to it. The battery life is great
Four Stars Love the phone, but battery life is too short. Love this phone, graphics are excellent.
ONCE YOU GET USED TO IT IS A GREAT PHONE. ALTHOUGH IT HAS A DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEM, ONCE YOU GET USED TO IT IS A GREAT PHONE .
other then that the s green is great and has lots of cool features Only down side is the inability to use the Google play store. Surely it isn't that difficult for a android based phone to use the play store. Other then that the screen is great and the phone has lots of cool features.
Five Stars Great device!! Within all parameter, plus social expectations. Wonderful job Fire team.
and like Amazon services if you are into the Amazon world, meaning you have a Prime account, and like Amazon services, then this phone is great, the graphics are fun, and overall it is a fun phone to own. If you are knee deep in Android and Google, or prefer iPhones and that world, then this may not be for you. Runs most of the bigger apps, but you cannot use Gmail app or Google Chrome on this. for some that may be a big deal, for me , not so much. I love this phone. The Silk browser runs really well and fast, the Firefly app is more a "bling" type thing, but fun, and call reception is awesome.
The Amazon Fire Phone. It's HOT! This is one awesome phone. I like it better than Samsung's Galaxy S III. A very durable phone and not that complicated to use once you get rolling with it. I would recommend it to anyone of my friends
it takes great videos, but when you share them on facebook ... I was thrilled to get the amazon fire and it has its perks and downfalls. it takes great videos, but when you share them on facebook or send it as a message the video is horrible and you cannot edit videos. I am also disappointed about the battery life. I read on the website it was supposed to be long, almost worry free from dying quickly, but it seems I am charging twice a day.
Five Stars Great phone innovative but in my opinion over priced. Audio is weak And keyboard is too small
RIM takeOff¿ Very nice, Technology at its finest...grandsons like it and The hands-free is a plus.
Love this Phone! Love this phone, been using for about 1 month and no complaints on quality or performance, camera, speakers Bluetooth, Wi-Fi hotspot all work great... Kindle's app store is a little sparse compared to Google's app store but it will come with time.
Hate it and need help getting rid of it. I am very disappointed in this phone. Admittedly, I am a bit electronically challenged, but this thing is anything but easy to figure out. It is so full of neat "tricks" like tilting the phone to move a page, and so forth, that the basics of such matters as simply returning to a previous page or moving from one website to a different one is completely a mystery. There are, no doubt, "tricks" for all these things, but I do not have time to learn or relearn things I already knew how to do on a previous phone. I am in the process of truing to cancel the service contract and that isn't easy either.
haters be gone I don't know why people are posting bad things about fire phone, I love mine 100 %
Watch out for the sim tray - hard to get it open - unless my phone was defective! I purchased my 32 gb AT&T Fire Phone off eBay for $125 which included a free year of prime. Such a deal I thought. It came with an unlock code. I was pretty impressed with the phone and fiddled around with it a lot and could compare some of the features to my Fire HD6. I also have an iPhone and a Nokia Windows Lumia 521 so it had some things that were similar. I wanted to get a prepaid MVNO plan for the Fire after going to AT&T and finding out how much their monthly prepaid plans cost! While AT&T advertises a $2 a day only when used plan - it's important to know it's $10 a month regardless - so if you use the phone 5 days in a month the 6th day on will cost an additional $2 a day. Since the Fire Phone has a hotspot included I had a heck of a time finding a cheap prepaid plan that would allow that feature. This is not going to be my main phone - it's basically a backup phone. Ok - I finally found Consumer Cellular which is technically not a prepaid plan but there is not an activation fee or sim card charge and you can even get an AARP discount. I like it cause you can mix and match your minutes and your text/date. I really want to take advantage of the hotspot/tether feature when traveling and do not have wifi access. Whatever. Ok so I had to insert a different sim in the phone to unlock it. Since I did not have a nano sim that was not AT&T I cut down an old T-Mobile sim - filed it a little as it was too thick. However - and HERE is why I am giving this phone 2 starts..... I could not get the (insert F word here) sim tray to pop open to get the AT&T include sim out. This phone did not come with the sim ejector tool. I fiddled and fiddled with a paper clip and finally got it to pop open. However each time I tried to open the sim tray it took forever and I bent paperclips doing it - just could not find the right spot or use the right pressure. So today I received a nano sim from a prepaid AT&T provider and it came with a nifty sim ejector tool. I used the sim ejecter tool BUT it broke inside the sim hole. Thus I could not open the sim tray period. So I called Amazon who usually has excellent customer service and explained my situation - after explaining it again and again and getting across the fact a paperclip would not fit in the hole because it has the piece of the sim injector tool inside (sigh) - I am getting a replacement phone. I guess my biggest complaint is surely I am not the only one who had problems opening the sim tray "oh it's simple just use a paperclip" - well I think it is a big defect in that it is not that easy to do (or is it me - comments will be read). And the sim it came with - couldn't even be used even if I had wanted to get AT&T - as the AT&T store said I had to use one of theirs - not the one it came with - which didn't help matters either. Regardless for $26 it is a pretty cool phone I think. You don't have to use iTunes to get your music on it. You can use an app and drag apk files to the download folder on it. By the way I have tried to use googled instructions for the Google Play store and the only way I could get that app to work was after installing the service and store apk's - I would be able to download one app - then the store wouldn't work so I would have to reinstall a those apks and reboot and then I could download another app - this of course was a PITA - not worth it except it was the only way I could get the magic jack apk to work. Hope some of this info is useful. But yes it is a great phone - excellent camera - if you paid $400 or no - not so much.
Four Stars Love the phone. Just can't get the apps I need like banking apps health care apps
Worst phone I have ever owned. I love Amazon and I expected great things from the Fire Phone, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't curse at my phone. I honestly despise this phone. It never does what I want from it. The user is limited on apps and I mean limited, and the ones that were working either have gone through periods of not working or are still not working. It constantly freezes and needs reset and the Bluetooth has serious issues connecting to my car (my past phone never did). The phone must have been bad enough that even Amazon noticed and stopped sellIng it. I almost feel as if they owe their customers an apology and another phone option for those stuck with this troublesome gadget. I could go on and on but I feel like I've said enough... other than don't buy this phone. Oh, wait you can't anymore. Okay, then don't even take this phone if someone tries to offer it to you for free.
You should let me love you..... :/ I tried it out...... Please please add google play store. Amazon app store is horrible. Till this is done i will stick with my Samsung Note. I want you Amazon to be my everything company. Your sucky phone app store is preventing me from loving you and making you my everything........
Five Stars I really like the features on this fire phone. and amazon prime can't be beat.
Speakers rattle trying for bass No bass. The speakers rattle trying, even at medium volume. Really bad all the way up. The rest of the phone has a pronounced personality you get used to but still undecided about liking and enjoying it. The bad audio is what killed it for me though. I'm an "early adopter" so sometimes I get burned. I'm hoping the eventual updates will help. Meanwhile I'll primarily use my HTC One (M8), great sound and all around great phone.
Five Stars Great phone. Would love a bigger screen and maybe a back button or menu button
I am a very please customer with my fire phone Hi my name is Sandra I'm very satisfied with my Fire phone I purchased through Amazon. The fire phone offers many features that I am very very please with and I am still learning different features every day.
and the features continue to amaze me. Just keeps opening up more and more ... My Amazon Fire Phone was a Christmas gift from my son, Jay, and the features continue to amaze me. Just keeps opening up more and more exciting features and I look forward to discovering it in its entirety.
Just feels like a huge mistake Just feels like a huge mistake, really wanted to love it, buy the lack of apps, and the struggle with the device , doesn't worth the free year of prime, I hope soon enough the develop some more essential apps, and allow so basic and needed apps from Google, like g-mail and maps( your maps just aren't that good)
An actual UPGRADE. Superb design, sturdy and rugged without sacrificing elegance. Would leave my iPhone for this again in an instant. Did Apple give you a free year of music, videos, and books entirely free of charge? Break from the herd.
does not accept all android apps I love the phone, I have had the various latest and greatest iPhone's, Samsung galaxy s5, and HTC one's but the fire phone technology exceeds the others. It's user friendly and is very much like the kindle fire. My only complaint is that a lot of the popular apps I had previously I cannot get. Also, the music I have save to my Google account I cannot get and the songs I have on my amazon account I haven't been able to use as a ringtone. I also would rather have google as a search engine instead of Bing...
We are the guinea pigs for what should have been the test phase for this phone Too many glitches. It shows a mythical location as my current location that I've never heard of, and the wrong temperature/weather conditions. Facebook features don't work. Messaging didn't work at first (until I spent 3 hours with a technician on Mayday, and then we still couldn't figure out what fixed it). The Mayday app is good, but the mute button doesn't work, so you hear elevator music the whole time you're on hold. Firefly works only on things you can buy from Amazon, and wouldn't even recognize a Budweiser. Wallet only takes gift cards. It's definitely not the mobile payment device I was hoping for. Also they call everything on the back end Kindle. If I had wanted a Kindle, I would have gotten one. Very disappointed. UPDATE: Went back to the AT&T store and got my Blackberry Torch 9800 turned back on. Am sending the Fire Phone back to Amazon tomorrow. Struck by how many low reviews of this phone say, "really wanted to like this phone." That's exactly how I felt. Was ready to make the commitment, just not ready for so many things not to work. Some things others have noted that were also true for me: No way to back out of apps, and in many cases you have to force quit apps. That's really a deal breaker. There is no navigation like there is on my Blackberry, allowing you to use the BBerry button to open up a pull-down list of options for each application you're in. Also someone else noted that the home screen (where you put your favorite pic) isn't where your apps live, so you only see that screen when you first turn on the phone. There's no way to delete app content that no longer applies, like a photo I took and deleted still showed up in the carousel. There's no light indicator that will tell you when you have new messages. The FB and Twitter apps don't get red stars on the icons showing you have updates. The screen protector I bought at the AT&T store wasn't sensitive enough to enable the touch screen to work well, especially the left pull-in nav. Inexcusably glitchy. We are the guinea pigs for this phone.
Five Stars It is easy to use and fun to use. Love the Firefly and the awesome camera!
... switched from S4 to fire phone and I totally satisfied with my experience I switched from S4 to fire phone and I totally satisfied with my experience. The App store has all basic Apps that I use on my daily life. Phone lasts all day without recharging on my normal usage, email, calling, texting, news, facebooking and occasional videos. I also found 1Mobile on Amazon store that allows you to install any android App on Google Play.
Disappointed So far my experience has not been all that great. The apps are about 3 updates behind and in the first week I have already experienced glitches that have forced me to have to reset the phone. It has a lot of bugs to be worked out. It will be a great phone when they get those taken care of. Plus there is not a "back button" option to be found. This makes it a pain to navigate within apps.
Good Device I haven't really had a chance to explore everything, but I have been pleased so far. I am coming from many years using a corporate BlackBerry, so I have no history with either iOS or Android (except trying to sideload some Android apps, about half worked). I have been an Amazon prime member for a long time though, and this phone fits right in. Sound quality is good on calls, and the price was certainly right at AT&T. I have also found it to be much more intuitive than my wife's iPhone.
So much potential I've had this phone for a solid year now. As most phones are, they start to become slow- loading, switching between apps, etc. My phone overheats frequently after very little use. There are barely any apps on Amazon's appstore (no snapchat, instagram, any google stuff...) The camera takes forever to snap a picture. I think firefly is neat, but I've found myself never actually using it ever. Overall this phone does what it's supposed to, but as of now I'm looking to find myself a new one.
Choices..... It is everything as described....the dynamic perspective is absolutely amazing! I actually have an iPhone 5 and a Note 3 and just as each of them have their great features, so does the Fire. Its light, thin, smooth setup and operation. Most of the reviews compare the Fire to a Samsung or iPhone, for me it isn't either one. Why would I buy a Fire phone hoping it is like an iP5 or N3? I do not have a Kindle reader (have iPad & Samsung tablet), but for those that do, you would probably love the Fire. Its fast, smooth to operate and very responsive to the touch. Not sure if its overpriced as some reviews have said......seems to have some features that the iPhone or Samsung have yet to accomplish. I love my N3 screen size, but the Fire screen size is bigger than the current iP5......maybe the iP6 will increase. I do love the free year of Prime since I wasn't a customer prior; Amazon definitely has me hooked on Prime. Either way, its an individual preference but I think its a great first step for Amazon.
Four Stars Great phone and apps. Still don't know how to "go back" though!
Easy-to-use, fun, classy looking and innovative. Crushing on my fire phone, having had it just under 4 hours now. The ability to scroll screens with one hand frees up my other hand for coffee, etc...I gave up my Google Nexus 5, which I loved dearly, but I think I will enjoy this phone for its well thought out screens that require less tapping and the dynamic perspective is sweet... and the screen is beautiful. I own Kindle, Kindle Fire, Fire TV, and now Fire phone. Thanks Amazon...I'm always excited about what you'll do next.
Amazon Fire Phone Great phone, it changes home screens every day, very clear voice transmissions
Five Stars Love it and am making progress in discovering all the great features.
Five Stars Still learning the phone every thing is great. Better than my iPhone.
Five Stars Great looking phone. I have had more positive comments on this phone.
Awesome phone Phone works great. Only downside is some apps just aren't available.
Four Stars Great size and weight. Not overly complicated to program or to use.
Calling Keys Issue I love the phone and all its great features but on numerous occasions it is extremely annoying when I'm on a call and go to place someone on speaker or mute or if I need the keypad I accidentally hit the end key due to the fact that the icons are place to close together. This is a reoccurring issue for me and other workers who have the FirePhone. It is extremely annoying when especially being on business calls because my fire phone is a business phone.
Amazon is great, but the Fire Phone isn't. I'm giving this phone 2 stars, ONLY because Amazon is sending me a LG G3 to replace this phone, and because they've truly been so nice to me throughout this whole experience. I have had my Fire Phone replaced 4 times in 3 months (I've been through 5 of these phones) Believe me when I tell you this is not a good phone, yes the camera is great, display is awesome, and Amazon prime is a great deal breaker for some when getting the phone, but there arent many other good qualities. Limited applications to download, never could get the Google play to work on this phone correctly. Phone won't play music most of the time, just gives you a loading spin dial where the play button is. Sometimes the keyboard will just disappear and you can't respond to texts, emails, Facebook; etc until you reboot the phone. I've noticed that out of the 5 phones, 3 of them will just randomly shut off and won't let you power the phone back on until you plug it into a charger, even if the battery is fully charged. Silk Browser has many glitches, you click on something and it'll click whatever's above it instead of what you want, type a new url in the browser and it'll just reload the same page like it forgot what you just typed in. Dynamic perspective just makes you dizzy, and will start to annoy you after a while, I always leave it turned off. As far as Bluetooth goes, I have a 14 MZ6 and the phone hardly ever let's me connect to the car, and when it does a lot of the time it'll play my music in slow motion. Weird. This phone has great build quality, very sturdy and attractive, but it's still got many software issues that Amazon should've fixed before releasing the phone, I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone, but would recommend Amazon to everyone because their customer service is A+ great, and they really do care about their customers. Thank you Amazon for making an exception for me and sending me a better device to replace this phone which is full of unresolved issues.
AWESOME PHONE! This is a great phone I'm so glad I didn't listen to all the bad reviews. Here's the thing if you want an iPhone get an iPhone if you want an android get an android. this phone is neither and if you are expecting it to be just like one of those then you are stuck in a very small box. It does have limited apps so what do you really need all the one you have now probably not. I just came from an iPhone and this phone is so much better. It so easy to use. I really can't think of anything that I would change about this phone at all. So if you want to try something that everyone isn't going to have the this is the phone for, you if you would like to be just like everyone else then stick with what you have I'm sure you are already there. Oh and you get a yr of prime free so why would you not want this phone.
Good - but could be great! There are things that this phone has that are great! But, the bad ones are bad! I can't download games from my iphone to the fire phobe The camera button is too easy to hit when picking up the device Cannot choose font I need more cool wallpapers of the same type as is offered already (I especially like the Easter Island type!) I can't easily find some of the great qualities I need a guide that's not just an overview! When looking in the app store, if I look at one specific app, I don't go back to my place in the list but back to the top There are many things that I really like about the phone too! I don't have to sit and wait a long time when the phone is too slow The "peeking" is really neat The camera seems to be better so far The two extra screens are very helpful! There are a lot more things that I like that I won't take time to list!
Highly disappointed I rarely write Amazon reviews, which is a shame because I am generally very pleased with Amazon services and products. However, I cannot say the same about the Fire Phone. An avid supporter of Amazon, I made the mistake of purchasing this phone the day in came out, as I was desperately trying to replace my iPhone and the timing was right. Huge mistake. Although the phone immediately got negative reviews, I held out for awhile because I liked some features, like the high quality camera and the Firefly service. However, after about 6 months with the phone, it has already slowed down considerably, and the high quality camera isn't really worth anything since it takes about 10 seconds to open, far too long to take a photo at an opportune time. The Silk (or whatever tf the internet app is called) app crashes constantly, edited pictures take 2+ minutes to save, the battery is pitiful, etc, etc. By far the worst part of this phone is its incompatibility with anything. I mistakenly thought that the phone ran Android, or would at least be compatible with Android apps, but I was very wrong. There are very few apps I'm interested available on this phone. At first it wasn't a huge deal; so what if I couldn't get SnapChat. It's not like it's something I really need. But there are certain apps lacking from the store that I can't handle. My boyfriend is spending 7 months studying in Beijing, and none of the services or apps available through the Great Firewall are compatible with the Fire Phone, even an app with a huge network of users like WeChat. To top this off, since I, being a loyal Amazon customer, purchased the phone the day it came out, I paid full price for it. I should have waited, because after it completely bombed the price dropped around 70% only a month later. Now I am stuck with this POS phone I invested a ton of money in. I truly regret not getting a Samsung or Nexus or other Android phone. Honestly I would rather have stuck with my terrible iPhone, but alas, it is too late now. I am extremely disappointed, Amazon.
An amazing phone! This is not a good phone. It's an excellent phone! Having used both an iPhone and various Android devices I can safely say that this is the very best device I have used thus far. Exceptional screen resolution. Transferring my contacts from my old phone was a breeze. Firefly is amazing! Dynamic Perspective is also. The one hand operation is great. Job well done!
Definitely better than my old phone It is so worth getting. Definitely better than my old phone. :)
awesome I don't like that it breaks easy but other than that I love it!
love my fire phone. I love this phone. The only thing I dislike is that to delete all recent calls, text messages, or web browsing is to do it one at a time. I would rather just hit one button and delete them at once. Also, the phone doesn't talk to me like my iPhone did. It was easy to use this phone it didn't take me as long to get used to using as my other phone did. If you love your kindle as much as I do, you'll love the phone as well.
Amazon best idea Yet I love this phone. Amazon just keeps getting better and better
Returned my Fire Phone I pre-ordered my Amazon phone from AT&T and received it this weekend. Pros: Beautiful graphics and display Easy set up CONS: Battery life is abysmal. I am not a heavy data or minute user, but this phone couldn't stay charged for a full day. My previous phone, an iPhone 4 sometimes lasted 3 days. I am also not a heavy user of apps. However there are several critical ones that I do need - and Amazon's proprietary apps do not have the ones I frequently use. Given the price of the phone and because I wanted a phone that would have access to specific apps that are not available, I returned the phone today and exchanged it for a Galaxy 5. Very disappointed - I like Amazon and use many of their services, but the Fire phone isn't one of them.
Fire Phone Makes Me Sad... When I was ready to make the transition away from the iPhone, I read the Android reviews on my "go to" site of Amazon and read that their hotly anticipated Fire Phone was due to release in a week. This was a total no-brainer...buy the Fire Phone, Amazon would SURELY help me take that frightening leap away from Apple technology? While the MayDay staff has been super friendly and helpful, I wish Amazon would get their act together on software updates. I have a message icon that won't clear so it always looks like I have one unread message. They said their next software update would fix it. Waited 3 long weeks and was SO EXCITED when the notification popped up that their was a system update available to be installed! I anxiously download and restart the phone...one new message notification remains with no new message. It was approximately 6 weeks between software updates last time...looks like I will have to endure this nonsense for an unfortunate while longer. <insert extreme sad face here> Other issues: Phone randomly restarts itself. I don't know why. Maybe it gets tired? Maybe it is in a smartphone union and can only work X hours a day? Highly annoying. My call history will randomly disappear. Notice I'm using the word RANDOM a lot? There seems to be no rhyme or reason to the phone's malfunctions. The phone will freeze up...requiring a restart. I had never restarted my iPhone 5 in the two years I used it as much as I have the 3 months I've owned the Fire Phone. I don't even want to talk about the price I paid at release then finding out it went to 99 cents a week later. Ouch. Just Ouch. And then there is AT&T...who can only seem to enforce the contract that keeps me in this bad cell phone marriage. I hope Amazon can do something to fix the technical issues and soon (or get me a new phone). I hope the next review I write is about the awesome service I received to try and fix my issues. Hint...hint...
Four Stars Very reliable , impressed with the camera and picture results
I really recommend it. This is the most complete cell phone, I really recommend it.
Great phone for those tired of other phone brands Couldn't be happier with the fire phone! Don't understand where all the hate for it is coming from. Battery life is great, durability and feel of the phone are also great, and the headphones that come with it are fantastic. The only things I would hope for improvement in the future would be added apps to get to the level of the iPhone and the Google Play store. Either way, extremely happy with this product!
I wanted to really love this phone but so far it is blah! Get a Galaxy s5 instead!!!! I wanted to really like this phone but so far it is blah. I Love my kindle fire HDX 8.9. I love amazon and have had prime for several years now and use it several times a month at-least. I really really was looking forward to this phone and by happy chance I was upgrade eligible a week before it was released. Bought it through the ATT next program. So after a week of having it I report that I miss my android phone. I miss google play and most especially I miss swiftkey. I REALLY REALLY MISS SWIFTKEY..... Oh well one can hope that in time these things will be added. On the plus side the phone itself works extremely well and is very loud even in loud situations. It takes really nice pictures. The music player works really really well. It sounds amazing through my skullcandy ear buds. I like that I can scroll just by leaning the phone forward slightly or back slightly. The cons are the laundry list. NO SWIFTKEY or emojicons. NO Emojicons No Google play. Must use amazon app store, which is missing most of the apps I used everyday. No wallpaper or editing the background. Changing the ringtones and notifications was not as easy. Phone makes it almost impossible to add non Amazon apps. I googled "add zedge to amazon fire phone" and it game me a way to do it. Not easy at all. Battery life is no better than 2 year old HTC ONE X. That is very disappointing. Cases are hard to find since it is so new. I do recomend the Supacase Unicorn beatle cases. They fit awesome and are not expensive at all. Screen size seems smaller than other 4.7in screens. Looks puny next to 5.1 Galaxy S5 All In all I wish I had gone with the Galaxy S5 active. I got that for my son and he loves it and even though our phones are both new I envy his. Now my 65 year old mother has a Galaxy S5 and she said your phone looks so small compared to mine. And honestly the S5 takes better brighter pictures. Oh well in 51 months I can upgrade. hopefully by then Amazon will have listened to its users and added the missing stuff and fixed the bugs. Did I mention I really really really miss my Swiftkey?
