Wanted to love this phone! I purchased through AT&T and wanted to love this phone. I am a very loyal Amazon customer and expected the phone to perform as well or better than the Kindle FIre HXD. However, I did not feel that it performed even as well as the first Fire HD. Another issue was that the phone reception did not perform as well as other smart phones I have used. I returned to AT&T and went for a LG G3 that turned out to be a much better performing phone. Feel that phone was released before it's time.
I LOVE IT! I'm not very good with computers and ... I was told that the sales on these were low because people were unsure of them, I LOVE IT! I'm not very good with computers and have had problems using the "smart phones"; this is very user friendly and fun, yet still has all of the bells and whistles that the androids and apple phones have. Plus it has 24hr assistance at the push of the "Mayday" button, you get a live person to help with what ever you're having problems with, used it once so far and it was great help.
Enjoying Fire Phone Greatly! Best phone value I've ever gotten! I love the phone. Comfortable headset with volume control too. The screen resolution is good at about 315dpi and better battery life than my old HTC One and great sounding stereo speakers. I'm enjoying using it. I really like the "swipe up" navigation to go "back". The swipe "in" from the left and right also offer easy access to common functions. Really well thought out. The built in "flash light" option available when I swipe down is thoughtful. The unique Kindle feature that this phone can read out loud my daily newspaper subscription to me is awesome and super handy when I'm in the car or eating breakfast. Since this Kindle Phone is a real "kindle" it can read almost any book out loud as well even if professional narration is not available. This is a killer feature and works really really well. The Amazon wallet app stores all of my loyalty cards such as my Starbucks card to pay when I get coffee and even my local library card and automatically generates barcodes and QR codes as needed. It's great! I also noticed that battery life is much better than on my old phone. One of the most pleasant surprises are the stereo speakers! They sound great on top and bottom. BTW, the voice recognition on the Kindle Fire Phone is amazing. It works well and even recognized my wife's unusual name and spelled it correctly. Again, Amazing! I've never had a phone I like more (and I've had a few phone!). "Mayday" service from the phone works great to to obtain immediate live customer assistance with any question even when away from home out of a WiFi area.
Different from my old iPhone but love the features Different from my old iPhone but love the features. Still learning all the tricks it can do. Really like the ability to access stuff with a flick of the wrist. The Mayday feature is great. I have only used it once but it was great to just ask a question and have an immediate answer.
i love my new amazon fire phone i love my new amazon fire phone. i was hesitant at first to get the phone because of some of the reviews, but im so glad i did, i absolutely love it. i am very very happy. i have amazon fire tv and my pictures and videos upload right from my phone to my tv love it. my phone and tv r connected and so is my kindle. i love u amazon keep up the good work. the phone was very easy to figure out not complicated at all. i just wish i could download some of the ringtone apps that i had on my old phone like zedge and some others, but im not complaining. love love the fire phone.
I love the fire phone I love the fire phone. It works fast, has 4x the storage of A basic iPhone plus your cloud storage. The fact that it syncs with my children's kindles and alerts me on every app they get , all of our pictures sync, calendar syncs. We have Amazon prime which is fantastic. All the free music and games you could ever need. I use it for my work phone and email. It never slows down and quits. I don't know why people(probably Apple fans) want it put something down they never tried. It's built in features are great and it's more user friendly than other smartphones. I had an iPhone. Not impressed. I give it 5 stars. I hope they make another one. I can't imagine life without it. We have 4 kindle hds too. Love them too.
It's rare that I 'buy into' a company like I have Amazon It's rare that I 'buy into' a company like I have Amazon. I have the Kindle, Fire TV and now the phone. What's not to love about Amazon Prime? I'd rather have my skin ripped off and be dunked in salt and vinegar than to live without Prime. Pros: Dedicated camera button Excellent Sound Qaulity Good screen resolution Excellent performance with anything Awesome processing power. Love the amount of RAM Easy Integration with other kindle products Contact and Calendar sync across devices is amazing Excellent voice recognition (see blow) Excellent wifi and cell data connectivity Excellent camera quality (love the cloud storage) Cons: For the amount I paid for this device, I really expected it to be 'polished' The interface is inconsistently themed. The beautiful 'dark' theme for the home screen (like the Kindle) is amazing, however when you start digging into the default apps (dialer, email, contacts... everything else is a very bright background, as opposed to the dark. I really wanted this to be a consistently themed interface... at least for the default apps... the result being, your eyes adjust to the main dark theme, and you go to call someone, send a text, email, etc. and Bruce Springstein invades my thought process (blinded by the light)... for the cost and hype I really thought this phone would be more polished and consistent with Amazon's otherwise wonderful design elements. The perfect interface design would be to allow the user to choose between a dark and light theme, rather than being stuck with some dark and some light. Very annoying; I almost returned it. Voice commands: The directions are not clear for voice commands. I struggled with it for days, and support just wasn't prepared to answer questions. I tried 'send text to name', (name being a name in my contact list)... tried all variations. It would recognize the name and show the proper text on the screen, but kept saying the name was not in my contact list. I discovered that in the contact list, there are 'fields' (e.g. Text Mobile, Call Mobile, etc.)... so when you hold the home button in for a couple seconds and you're ready to give your command, you have to say those words, "Text Mobile name" (name being the name in the contact list... or "Call Mobile"... and it works perfectly. The voice recognition while composing texts or email or anything you'd normally do from the keyboard is nearly flawless.. excellent speech to text processing.... Other than those cons, I'm very happy with the phone and kept it... and I'm confident they'll get up to speed with support and firmware updates to improve things... I'd love to be able to use the default apps, but I had to load the phone down with 3rd party apps to get some consistent theming going on... which, for the price, just shoudl nto be necessary. I installed a dialer app, k9 email for the dark themed emails... I'm hoping they'll polish these themes on the default apps... to release it without it being really done was not wise... if it wasn't for my well rooted love for Amazon, I would have returned it. Overall I still rate it all stars and look forward to updates. Thank you for taking time to read.
Great phone. Thank you "spammers" you pushed me closer to Amazon. UPDATED 10/27/14 I wanted to point out that we have had a software update recently and it, in my opinion, has helped the battery life. Also, I neglected to relate that from the moment I started using this phone it seemed to me that it had a learning curve of it's own. It seems to be kind of intuitive. I suppose it is really the burn in period for the software/hardware but it is pretty cool. I want to thank all those who don't own the phone and are spamming the Fire Phone reviews with their foolishness. You actually pushed me closer to Amazon. I really don't care that at this moment Amazon uses fossil fuels to run the cloud. I think it will be cool when Amazon does go solar or wind cuz they probably will, eventually. Thanks again, your smear campaign back fired, at least in my case. I own the phone. So, I wanted to make sure I gave this phone a good workout before I made my review. I want to cover as much about the phone as possible, as these reviews were monumental in my decision to switch from IPhone 4S to the new Fire Phone. I am so glad I did. Pros: I am a fan of Amazon and all they do to give value and great customer service. They don't disappoint with this phone. this phone is very high tech. Mayday is phenomenal. I have used it a few times and those reps are very knowledgeable, friendly and always available. Great feature. Dynamic Perspective is just plain cool. The phone itself is well built and feels great in my hand. I wanted to go to a bigger phone but not too big. This is perfect size. The screen and display are awesome. A year of Prime(enough said). $10.00 credit in the App store. $.99 for the phone are you kidding? Hard to beat! Customer service is always improving. Firefly is another "just plain cool" feature. Camera takes great pix. Unlimited photo storage is very cool and well thought out. The sound is top notch and dual speakers make it premium. The headphones are awesome. The company is constantly wanting feedback and implementing updates and improvements based on that feedback. I like that they listen to the customer. Neutral: There is a learning curve with this phone. There are a lot of features and nuances. I had to be patient with learning the phone. I really don't mind. This is not an IPhone and it isn't supposed to be. This is my first Android based phone. Locked into to At&t. I was with them anyway and they have pretty good service and coverage. The battery life is better than my 4S was at the end but wish it was better, but not a deal breaker. Cons: Apps. I see a lot of Apps in the Amazon store but not many I would buy or download. There have been a lot of users who mention Google Play access and I hope that happens. Or more development for the Amazon Apps. I miss my banking app and church app. Ringtones and notification sounds are weak, making my own with ringtone maker app. I got dependent on the event notifications(that little number that tells you how many notifications are waiting for you to look at) with my IPhone. The apps in the App Store don't seem to have that feature for some reason. I'd like to see that be available(listen up App Techs and developers). The base texting app doesn't have emojis!!! Really??!! That needs to change. I was able to move most of my ITunes library over to the Cloud. Most. Amazon doesn't have permissions for all my music. This isn't a phone issue but an issue. Also, I wish the cost to store my music in the cloud was less expensive($24.99 a year for 250,000 songs). Miscellaneous: Side Loading is risky. Well maybe not side loading itself but the sites you get the apps from are. I made the mistake of side loading some apps and it wreaked havoc on the phone. I had to do a Factory Reset on the phone to correct it. The reps at Mayday were awesome in helping me figure it out and correct it. Also, found out that Anti Glare screen protectors don't work well with the sensors. Use Clear screen protectors. There were a lot of reviews complaining about the phone getting hot. I have only experienced that when I have been using the phone outside in the direct sunlight. I am very glad I switched to the Fire Phone. I highly recommend it. Take advantage of the price and the service. I am confident that Amazon will continue to improve it and they are dedicated to making it better and making their clients happy. That makes me loyal. Their customer service is legendary. That also makes me loyal. I hope this review helps
Not a replacement for iPhone or Galaxy S, but a solid first generation phone Came from a Samsung Galaxy S3. Battert lasts closer to 14 hours, it overheats occasionally but that I believe is because the processor works quite well. Very few complaints, namely how limited the third party apps are and how little customization there is, but the customization isn't a deal breaker, although the lack of Google Play store and the lack of Google Chrome is upsetting. I also wish the Fire Phone was Adobe Flash eligible and that I could switch browsers out of the included Silk Browser. Large display and excellent resolution, especially coming from a 2 year old phone. It occasionally shuts down the keyboard and the keyboard goes incognito. Again, not a deal breaker. Having the free year of prime more than double-y makes up for all its issues because everything included in the year is fantastic. I really enjoy the unlimited cloud storage and streaming through the Prime Instant Music, I have barely used and of the space on the phone for the almost 2000 songs I have on it. When is the last time your iPhone or Galaxy could hold 2000 songs and not function as a flash drive?
Favorite smart phone thus far I've been an avid smartphone user for these past three/four years, and am not entirely sure why this phone is disliked as much as it is. I'm absolutely loving it so far, although I must admit that the majority of the apps that I use are fairly standard across all the mobile OS platforms and there are some that people might like that are currently not available here. It has great call quality, a fantastic camera (with cloud storage,) and fantastic uses outside of just what the phone offers (i.e. the year of amazon prime, gaming, firefly and shopping discounts.) This is the first amazon product I've ever used, and the free year of amazon prime with a 99 cent purchase is what brought me under their fold. Yes, you are being brought into their infastructure, but if they continue offering such amazing deals and a product that runs as fast and smoothly as this I'll continue being a customer.
She Loves the Phone I bought this phone for my wife. She loves it, it has taken a bit of getting used to and not being able to use certain apps is a bit of a bother. Although the size is great, the Dynamic View is AMAZING. How great is it that when she has a problem, push the question mark and Mayday helper shows up on the phone and walks her through to a positive end, with a happy smiling face.
So Far - So Good.. Who am I kidding? I love this phone! Got this device yesterday and after only a day of use, I can say I'm absolutely happy with my purchase. My favorite things? - I find the most helpful feature of the phone to be the side panel access, and the gestures to access them. So easy to navigate. - The Firefly feature will come in incredibly handy when I'm out doing my shopping. It's gonna save me money. - Love my year of free Prime! <3 - Mayday was nice to have when I couldn't find my Prime Music. They fixed my problem within 2 minutes. - The Dynamic Perspective feature is pretty freakin' neat. The games that incorporate this are super fun & suck you into their world. I cannot wait to see more developers make use of this. - I'm already a AT&T customer, so upgrading was free. I love free things, haha. :) The only thing I've found so far that I'm not happy with is the method to call someone within my Contacts. I'm used to just swiping left or right on a contact to either text or call them - it was very convenient. On the Fire phone, I have to tap on the contact name, then select "call". One more step than what I'm used to, but so far, it's the only pain point.. and it's a small one. Though I do wish there were more decorative cases for the phone, I'm sure that will change pretty quickly. Overall, I'm very happy with my new phone. Thanks, Amazon! :)
Wow - Major shift in likability ... Wow! Got mine first day available. Really impressed. Set up super easy: screen clarity and functions superb: loved the camera especially HDR and lenticular functions:AT&T service linked and number converted from Sprint by Amazon seamlessly. really enjoyed using and showing off this gadget. When I accidentally crushed the screen - my doing totally - after about 10 months, ordered a replacement, but with some hesitation. That hesitation was spot on instinct. More and more apps are available for functions I would enjoy. Ordered a Bluetooth blood pressure cuff; wanted some specific home automation functions; missed the On Star remote functions I had with my iPhone 4. None of these are available with Amazon. Finding more and more app ideas available in both IOS and Android that do not support Fire OS. Seems like there is not enough demand for developers to go to the trouble of modifying their code to support the phone. This leaves us users out of the loop on the rapidly increasing smartphone uses. Super, super disappointed. Probably switching to an unlocked Android to salvage what I can then catch up with the rest of the world.
Love at first use What doesn't Amazon do well? I love this phone. I had Verizon and hated their customer service- ATT is fantastic-service is outstanding. Amazon service is also exceptional- they will stay on the phone and walk you through everything which is great for a old person like me (62 and my first smart phone). The sound quality on this phoneis great and if you are a Kindle user it's nice too see familiar stuff. I have bought 9 Kindles total (given 2 to my kids & 1 to my husband when he realized how awesome they are. And now I'm even considering getting a Paperwhite just for reading). SO minute I saw this I pre-ordered. Now I have a phone that is easier to use than my old non-smart phone and will allow me to get rid of my landline.Text messaging and calling is so much easier. Also when my PC crashes on me I am covered. When I travel to see my kids and grandkid I can take everything with me. And when I travel I can stay in contact via phone and play Words with Friends on the same phone. I cannot say how much I appreciate Amazon customer service and having gone to the ATT store twice now I gotta say I'm impressed with their service too.. And service is important
The Amazon Fire phone Perfect Review, Please Read This phone is better then what I expected. After I read all the bad reviews, I didn't think it was gonna be good, but I gave it a shot. When you first get the phone, you have to fully charge it. Then do your settings etc, after you set it up to your Amazon account, you have a interactive tutorial of your phone that has audio, speaks to you, and shows you everything you need to know. After that I got all my games from my cloud since I had the same account on my kindle, then I took pictures, made my own home screens with a animation camera feature, so when I tilt it around I see my dog from different angles. The camera is excellent, it is high quality and gets every detail. The layout is very different and if you have had a kindle or other Amazon device you will be sorta familiar with the layout. When I hit the home button a few times, I can tell my phone what to do, including calls,text,email, and much more, but you can't talk to it like siri, but it's helpful. Even after the tutorial, you can still replay it from the "fire" icon/app. The back doesn't come off, and the arrow dynamics are better then they sound, you have to try it out. It has the same Amazon app store. What I love about Amazon devices is that the only way you can get a virus is if you actually tried to!! They protect there software ware well,but you can turn off the feature in settings. This phone isn't too big, isn't too small, but is just right. It has amazing quality speakers and the sound quality is amazing. The only minor complaint I can really even say about this phone it that you can't turn it on by hitting the home button, but that's no big deal at all. Firefly works really good. And it is cool. This phone is perfect for me, and I know it can be perfect for everyone else. Try it, I'm positive you will LOVE it. I love it. Last thing, the sound doesn't blur out, it has speakers on the top, and bottom.
it's freezing and slowing down real slow I really love this phone! If you know how to use a kindle it's pretty easy to work.Took me a little bit to figure out how to customize my lock screen but it was not to hard to find. Overall the phone is wonderful, It's fast, pretty easy to work and I love that I have all of my amazon stuff right here on my phone. The only thing I did not like was the lack of apps, it seems all there are is kid apps. I'd like to see more run tracker apps also as I used runkeeper a lot on my other phone and I really it for mapping my runs. Edit: I've had this phone for a year now and it worked amazing at first. Now it's freezing and slowing down real slow and i don't even have that much on the phone it's all on the cloud. I won't be keeping the phone I'll be going back to Samsung as soon as they let me get a new phone. The only thing this phone has going for it is Firefly and the camera works amazing but that's about it. It dose not even have the newer apps like the google play store.
Just a novice, but I love this phone! OK - you have reviews from true techies and I see today there was a major spate of reviews from people reviewing the cloud storage use of coal rather than the phone itself. My review is just from a person who previously did not have a smart phone - and was pretty happy that way. In fact, all those apps kind of scared me - I just wanted something to use as a - gasp - phone. Then I decided I really would like to be able to check my email from my phone when I was traveling - and sure, there are a few apps (calendaring, weather, etc) that could be useful. So I looked at the Fire Phone, fell instantly in love with its ease of use for dummies like me and bought one (directly from AT&T, so I could look and touch the phone before purchase). My husband decided he wanted one also. I bought him one of the 'New User Guides'. Haven't looked at it myself, because I actually haven't needed to do that. I was pretty instantly able to do the basics and haven't needed the MayDay Button yet - although it is really nice to have it. So no, I'm not pining over missing thousands of Goggle Apps; but after 3 weeks, I am still saying "I love you" to my Fire Phone. It would be difficult to beat the ease of use and intuitive way you can figure out how to do what you want to do. The camera is excellent, too, I'm happy.
Not for busy moms The Fire Phone just didn't work for me. I had an iPhone 4s that was having some issues. I wasn't eligible for an upgrade but trusted Amazon and wanted the Fire phone. Obviously, it took me a while to make the adjustments from the iPhone. After one long week, I returned the Fire phone. I am a working mom that needs a good phone that won't slow me down. The phone part of the Fire was just ok. I loved all the other features but calls & messaging really were awful. I sounded muffled when I made calls, had trouble answering incoming calls while busy (missed buttons) and the messaging was not as easy to manage. I don't usually get tech items first day, but thought the Fire would be so cool and work well for me. In the end, it just frustrated me. I couldn't get used to it and decided that given the price, it was not worth it. After returning, I tried an Android phone afterwards (LG G3) and have to say that it is so much better for me. I wasn't married to the Apple brand and needed a phone that had some nice features while helping with my multitasking. I may try later generation Fire phone if some of the main complaints are fixed. If you don't make a lot of calls/messages, then you may love the phone for all of the other extras. Otherwise, I would recommend another brand.
DISAPPOINTED IN THE FIRE PHONE I'm a big fan of Kindle Fire, Amazon, and Audible, and being fed up with the lack of customer service from the almighty Apple, I jumped on the chance to try the Fire Phone. Unfortunately there are some bugs Amazon needs to work out. While I do like the larger screen size (for reading, of course), access to Amazon Prime videos, etc. all on my phone, there are a few major things lacking in this phone. If those are the only things that are important to you, you will love this phone. For me, there are a couple of really important things I miss from my previous (traded in) iPhone. One of the deal breakers for me is the capability of it working with my car. I was able to simply plug in my iPhone in the usb port of my Equinox and listen to my music or audible books through my car's radio. While that happened the first day I got the phone, it stopped working the 2nd day and I haven't been able to get it to work yet. A call to Mayfair resulted in a tech ticket being submitted for the problem they couldn't resolve and a promise to call me back that Friday with an answer to where they were on the problem. I never received the promised call back. I will be contacting Mayfair again about this issue, but so far it seems it has not been resolved. (Apparently they are having this issue on some, but not all, other vehicles as well.) Another HUGE issue I have with this phone is the calendar. I loved being able to enter dates easily on my iPhone calendar and to simply invite by telephone number (or email) members of my family or others to those calendar dates. I also liked being able to add reminders 1 or 2 days or so before the calendar date. Image my surprise when I went to set up my calendar and found that I couldn't, because it currently only worked with certain calendar types. So if your email service and calendar isn't one of them, you are out of luck. You are directed by Mayfair to download one of the free calendar apps of your choice. I did, and the app did not have settings that were easy to see on the phone (they appear easily on other phones, but apparently the settings screen doesn't stay visible for this app on the Fire Phone). I ended up entering all my dates in Google's calendar through my computer (since the app syncs with Google calendar), which allows for inviting someone by email, but not by phone number, which would be my preference. Also, not that great, since I'm having to do all of it from my computer instead of my phone. At any rate, I'm less than happy with this subpar alternative to a calendar from what I was used to on the iPhone calendar. The calendar should be a stand-alone item like the iPhone calendar. You should have to sync it with ANYTHING, and it should be awesome. Come on, this is AMAZON, and this phone wasn't cheap either. Another drawback for me is the Android apps. Perhaps there are a lot of people that love them, I don't know, and I'm glad there are people who do, but it's just not for me. Perhaps if I never had an iphone I wouldn't know the difference and would love them, but compared to the number of and quality of the apps for iPhone, what I've seen so far (and previously even on my Kindle Fire), I'm not real thrilled with the Android apps. Oh yes, there are a handful or 2 that are just like the major apps you find on iPhone, but that's about it. After that, there's a lot of the Android apps that just aren't that great. They do not offer the variety, and more importantly, the quality you get in many of the iPhone apps. Also, one thing Amazon Fire phone needs is a comprehensive online tutorial for the Fire phone (not the little short one that comes with it that doesn't tell you much). It should also tell you how to set up basic things on some of the apps that come with the phone. Going through all the little subparts of the guide to try to find what you are looking for is very inefficient. It took me quite a while to learn how to use this phone, and there are still parts of it I'm trying to learn. The self-read guide that comes with the phone also is not well indexed as to how to find certain things. The topical names do not always seem to match what in particular you are looking for, especially in some of the advanced features, and it takes forever to find some of the things in it. Yes, Mayfair is handy, at times, but sometimes you are in public areas or otherwise where you can't be speaking to someone on your phone, but need to know how to work some aspect of it, thus accessing Mayfair is not always the best solution. That said, I still have faith in Amazon. One thing Amazon has been good about for the most part is listening to its customers. I can only hope they will do so with this phone and make the changes needed, because it could really be a SUPER phone with just a few changes like that. The amount of space you get with it is phenomenal compared to the iPhone. But unfortunately for me, the space is not making up for the above issues. I never thought I would be, but I'm really sad that I traded in my iPhone now. I really miss my iPhone calendar and the ability to listen to my books in my car's radio where I can hear it easily while I'm driving. Update: Amazon called me to talk to me about the review and the specific issues I was having with the phone, and seemed genuinely interested in feedback regarding what was great and what might need some tweaks. My guess is they will work on it, and like the Kindle, it will just keep getting better.
A non-techy Millenial's Thought on Fire Phone It really burns me up that people are commenting who clearly do not own this phone. It's an abuse of the customer review section and I think Amazon would be totally justified in deleting these comments that are obviously made to drive the overall rating of the phone down. That said, I do own this phone and it's getting a lot of hate -but not from me. Is this phone a flop as everyone says? I don't think so. I have used a smartphone for about 4 years now - before this phone I had an iPhone 4s. Making the switch was a little hard at first because I wasn't used to Android and I missed some functionality from the iPhone but I think the features more than make up for it. PROS: - Unlimited photo/video storage in the cloud. I have two kids - this has been amazing and the cloud is very easy to access. My husband also pulls photos/videos from the cloud using my account. I never could figure out how to access the iCloud and was never certain that my photos/videos were backed up. - User-friendly - considering the above statement that I could never figure out iCloud, I'm the saddest Millenial that ever was. I think this phone is rather intuitive and the may-day feature has been very useful - Price - it cost me $.99 and I got a free year of Prime (was already a Prime member, so it was just extended a year) - Syncing devices - I have a Kindle and Fire TV and I like watching and viewing my content across all devices - Screen Sharing - I can "mirror" my screen of my Fire Phone on my Fire TV - this is useful for some of my side-loaded apps when I want to watch something on my Fire TV that the Fire TV doesn't have an app for. - Charged with mini-USB - I have a few devices that use a mini-USB charger so I can have one charging cable to use on them all. I don't have to pack all kinds of cables when I travel. It holds a charge for a long time as well. And a mini-USB cable is very cheap - around $5 for an extra one. - Size - starting at 32GB, this is much more phone than I'm used to. I'm used to buying the bottom-rung 8GB iPhone, so this is a very nice perk. CONS - Sometimes it can be slow - this hasn't bothered me too much but it's not as fast as my iPhone was. - Side loading apps - It's not a big deal to side load apps so you can use Snap Chat (I said I was a Millenial, right?) and Voxer - but it won't alert you when these apps have messages/are updated. It's not really a big deal to me though. - Firefly/Dynamic Perspective - not really a con but not a huge selling point either. Honestly, I'd buy this phone again and I'm happy that I made the switch.
You need an app like Dropbox on your phone and computer Firstly: The "back button" is simply a swipe up from the bottom of the screen. Ingenious! Secondly: You CAN get non-Amazon apps on your Fire phone! It's a process called Sideloading, which sounds very intimidating, but trust me, if my old, technologically inept butt can do, so can you! You need an app like Dropbox on your phone and computer. YouTube and CNet both have videos showing you how easy it is. Be warned, tho.... you cannot sideload Google apps that require the use of Google Play. Love love LOVE my new Fire phone! I had gone from iPhone 3 to 4 to 5 and when their latest technology devolved to 1990s era fingerprint security, I bolted to the Galaxy Note 3. After a year of that, which was pleasant to start with, I longed for the good old iOS days, but was unwilling to go back. Enter Amazon Fire. The OS that runs the Fire is Amazon's special proprietary version of the Android OS, which I believe is even better. The screen resolution is gorgeous. Absolutely beautiful! I kind of miss the hugeness of the screen of my Note 3, but I do not miss the hugeness of the Note 3 phablet! It's nice to have a phone I can carry in my pocket, unlike the phablet. And the Fire is much more responsive! I'll update my review in a few months, but a week in, I'm loving it! And an extra year of Prime added to my account is just more icing!
Dynamic Perspective is cool, but doesn't apply to most of what I ... I just got it. I am not too impressed with firefly, Dynamic Perspective is cool, but doesn't apply to most of what I do on the phone, and Mayday isn't so great. (wait time, hit or miss with good rep) So, why do I still give it 4 stars? Unlimited photo storage year of free prime great resolution/image/screen/camera love easy shopping great for my mp3 itunes and amazon music and cloud-easy as an ipod I feel unique..not many people have it, so I like it the price is fine in comparison to other phones with this memory and features battery life is not the best, but it isn't an issue with me all the aps I want are on it, so that isn't a drawback either The only way I'll be upset is if it doesn't last 3 years... then it won't be worth it... bottom line, if you LOVE Amazon, it is a MUST BUY
Solid Phone I have had a fire phone for about a month and a half. I actually got three, to use as a family plan. Initially, I was frustrated by one phone's activity showing up on the other two. But once those settings and things was cleared up I have been happy with the phones. My daughter dropped hers in a big puddle of water and it didn't hurt the phone at all. Sure Amazon need more apps and some other fine tuning but Amazon just started this in July. Give them time.
Great phone for the value - latest updates make phone a solid contender… again! :) Originally when I got this phone I was all UGH IT'S NOT ANDROID! UGH! I DONT UNDERSTAND THE MENU! UGH! now, almost two years later (after totaling my Droid Turbo) I've gone through several phones that have conked out on me and I've been using my Fire Phone as a backup and is now my full time phone. Lots of the cons I would've listed in the past are now gone with the various updates that Amazon has released. Google Play store/apps are now more stable and easy to install. I've been comparing the phone side by side with other phones I've owned and my friends phones and The Amazon Fire Phone steadily continues being a solid contender. And a solid build! I picked up a Speck case for it (for a steal, $6 with free shipping via Prime). The phone is the same size as the iPhone SE and with some of the features turned off (previews, tilt, scroll, etc.) it runs very well for an entire day of browsing, music listening, reading and some gaming. I'm super happy with my Amazon Fire Phone and I'm glad I kept one as a backup… mostly because it fell behind my nightstand for 4 months, but hey, I'm glad it did! Pokemon Go, Spotify, Instagram, FaceBook, Messenger, Snapchat, Google Play, Hangouts, Dropbox, Inbox, Drive, Google Maps, Runkeeper, Hearthsone, WhatsApp & Tumblr all run great with no problems.
I absolutely love this phone I absolutely love this phone. Granted, I've never owned an iPhone, but this is light-years ahead of my last two Samsungs! The photo quality is great! It's user friendly and syncs with my Kindle Fire. So I can read the book that I've been reading on my Kindle even when I'm somewhere waiting unexpectedly. I've downloaded virus protection for it, and I'm sure there's tons of apps out there that I'd enjoy. But I mostly use a phone for calls, texting, pics, and occasionally using the internet. So it's perfect for me!
I don't normally write reviews but I feel like people need to know about this phone I don't normally write reviews but I feel like people need to know about this phone. Having been a former iphone and android user I wasn't sure that this phone would be able to meet my requirements. After fulfilling my contract with my service provider I was able to get my monthly payment way down. In order to keep the low price I was unable to upgrade through them without sacrificing my low payment. When this became available for the almost comically low price of $130 INCLUDING a year of prime, I decided that even if it was garbage, it had to be better than my two year old Galaxy with a broken camera and screen. First things first: This phone is amazing. Anyone trying to avoiding signing their life away to a perpetual iphone payment plan needs to know about this phone. The design is great and it is perfect for single handed use. The screen is vibrant and crisp and the operating system is smooth and responsive. And let's not forget THAT CAMERA. My goodness. Photograph ALL THE THINGS! Absolutely the best camera I have had on a phone as of yet. Dynamic perspective is great but possibly too ahead of its time as it has very little functionality given the current uses. Basically, once you get past the "OOOhhh, pretty." There's really no other use for it. Turn it off. Save the battery life. Also, in regards to battery life. This thing is a marathon runner compared to my Samsung Galaxy. I've been taking, editing and posting photos all day, irresponsibly shopping on Amazon, and checking emails all day without connecting to a charger and I'm still sitting pretty at 9pm at 65%. I do see where they went wrong. Most of this has to do with the phone's initial price point. If this phone and the new iphone are the exact same price, everyone will go iphone. Everytime. It's what we know. It's hip. It's cutting edge and it's guaranteed to work. No one wants to spend the same amount of money and get locked into a contract on a gamble. Well with this GSM unlocked phone there's no gamble. No contract. And no price tag equivalent to one month's rent in a roomy one bedroom on the better side of town. This phone wins. And I commend Amazon on continuing to provide updates even after sales tanked. This is why I trust Amazon. With all of that being said, after using this phone I would love to become an Amazon convert if they ever decide to take a stab at the Fire Phone 2. This phone far exceeds what's currently on the market for a much better price.
2014 and that was just 3 days ago and I love this phone I recently got this phone. I got it as an early birthday present on August 21, 2014 and that was just 3 days ago and I love this phone. The prime benefits are awesome, certain books, music, movies/tv shows are all free! The phone itself is of course very nice too. I am a previous owner of an iphone 5S and have few complaints. I'll start with the Pros. This phone has a nice sized design and with 32gb it has plenty of storage for apps, games, books, movies, music and stuff. You can organize the apps on the home screen however you like which is very nice, dynamic perspective lets you get cool angles of your phone screen, free year of prime membership (enough said :-) ), and nice built in speakers. Cons since there are always going to be some, the version of Siri which is called voice input knows very very very few commands it only knows how to search the web, call someone or text/email someone, phone will become too hot to hold if you are on the phone for very long, firefly barely works so don't plan on it becoming your new faviorite app, missing some good apps I used to use a lot like, find my friends, liftmaster, shopkick, my school app (gpc), as well as some others that I'm sure I'll remember after I submit this comment, also 2 more cons are that when I'm reading a ebook while lying down it will change pages if I tilt the phone ever so slightly that now I have to bookmark the page I'm reading so I don't lose my place, and if you have contacts that have more than one number on them and you are switching phones like I did then first get the free app called at&t connect to transfer over all your contacts, photos, etc. if it doesn't work and you are only concerned about your contacts because they are not in your gmail or whatever then you better be very patient and prepare for a couple of hours of putting all the additional phone numbers back in your contacts like I had to, yikes. These are just a few things I liked and disliked about this phone but I would nonetheless recommend this phone to you and anyone else in the market for a phone as long as you are patient and are with at&t because until amazon signs deals with verison, t-mobile and everyone else you are stuck with them.
and the Mayday live customer service) are probably nice, but I almost never use them I see that the Fire phone isn't currently available, and am wondering if Amazon will continue with it. I personally am not overly impressed. I waited more than six months to write the review because I don't think reviewing something 3 days after you get it is fair. As the 3-star rating indicates, "it's okay." It's got a smaller screen and is heavier and thicker than my previous phone. Some of the Android apps I used on my Samsung Galaxy (I had an s3) aren't available in the Amazon app store. The features they tout highly (dynamic perspective, Firefly, and the Mayday live customer service) are probably nice, but I almost never use them. (I did try the Firefly a couple of times with songs that came on the radio and it worked ok, but it's just not something I would use all the time.) Performance...well, I find that the phone freezes up on a fairly regular basis--2-3x/week on average--and I have to restart it. I don't like that it doesn't have a back button and swiping to go back a screen within an app is clumsy and often results in going back to the home screen instead. I don't like that it doesn't have an alert light when I have a message or missed call or notification of some kind--at least not one I can find from searching through all the settings and help docs. Maybe I *should* try that Mayday and see...LOL I have to keep my phone on silent all day at work, so it's always nice to tell at a glance that I have a text. I'm an Audible customer, and I do like that I download my audiobooks right the phone and listen...and ditto with the Kindle books. But of course there is a Kindle app for use with other phones that I could do the same thing with...and I think I would find this phone's screen too small to read on anyway. In short, to me it is ok, but at my first opportunity I will switch back to a Samsung Galaxy (whatever number is available at the time.) I am not someone who uses the phone for everything, so it's not intolerable for me...I just don't like it nearly as well as my old phone. The free year of Prime it came with was great, but even if an upgraded version of this were available later, I'll skip it.
Absolutely LOVE this phone. Absolutely love this phone. I am still discovering all kinds of neat things I can do with it. I love the firefly button and the mayday button. I've used mayday for help and I've used the fire fly button to identify songs on the radio. I've synced my calendar and like most smart phones can check the weather, my email, and log onto FB, or surf the web. It's great! And I have access to my cloud drive. I can even view photos that I've taken with my Kindle Fire on my Fire phone. And I can attach pictures to FB posts from my Kindle that I've taken with my Fire phone. And I have access to thousands of Amazon and Kindle apps. I am loving this phone.
Depends on the type of person you are really and how much you are willing to pay If you find yourself reading this review right now, you need to know one thing and that is that Amazon made this phone, not Google, not Motrollo, not Samsung or any other company. Naturally the phone would be focused around the Amazon services. These include, Amazon photos, Amazon cloud drive, amazon prime tv, and amazon kindle. The phones primary entertainment is based of all of these amazon services in a way in which you would have to take "steps" to get apps such as youtube, the Google Play Store, and most features that almost every android device by default has. The 3d perspective feature and other accessibility features are mostly included in the amazon default apps. If you consider buying this phone right now, I highly advise that you should not, the trouble you end up going through and the fact that you will eventually have to buy prime to actually enjoy using your phone is not worth it. The only people that I can see buying this are tech enthusiasts that want to add this to their collection or use this device to support another software (rooting it). This honestly is not worth buying and I can off the bat name at least 10 phones that have a higher capacity in terms of hardware and potential than this fire phone. I congratulate amazon on trying to produce a phone people use but the issue with it is the simple fact that it will only support amazon on it.
I love this phone I made the mistake of buying a ... I love this phone I made the mistake of buying a Windows phone and it drove me crazy. Apps r a work in progress but otherwise I love it. Maybe because I'm not a google maps user. Easy set up and easy to use except for scrolling with a flick of ur wrist.
I love my new phone! I have had this lovely phone for well over a week now, and I do say I love it very much. I don't care about the cons it has, I was just happy to switch from Verizon onto a phone that I saw a steal. Once I saw the commercial for Amazon's first smartphone I wanted it right away, just to give them a chance. I mean it's their first phone. I mostly purchase books from Amazon, nothing else. However, one day I decided that it was time for a new phone and I was not going to pay another loathsome bill for my LG Lucid. The Amazon Fire Phone has all of my favorite apps ( e.g Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr, Pandora, Skype,etc) and I just can't put it down. Some of the apps like Wattpad I wish it did have, maybe with another update this phone will be able to support it. At first due to the bad reviews and the phone itself not selling, I became suspicious. Then I thought who cares. I don't care what anyone has to say about this phone because I'm sticking with it. I love the 3D perspective and the Prime that comes with it, plus I can backup all of my lovely books on this device. Plus it has this cute little Monkey Buddy that is addictive. I recommend it.
More than adequate for my needs Best smart phone for the money, but a little tricky to handle. The motion opened menus take a lot of getting used to, but they are a very clever idea. Superior graphics. Great sound quality. Main reasons I purchased this particular phone are the price (99 cents) and the free year of Amazon Prime (which keeps me from spending $99 to renew it). This is a really good phone for the money. I am not a power phone user - in fact, I really don't use it for much more than an alarm clock which can occasionally make phone calls and take pictures. For those functions, it more than meets my needs.
I really like the UI design This is an awesome phone and I feel very sad for the designers that it is underappreciated. I love its quality -- both hardware and Fire OS. More streamlined than Android and a pleasure to use. Easy to put Google store and F-Droid on this, so I have all the apps I want. And the extra cameras make me smile (especially since I didn't pay for them because I got the phone after the huge price drops). Mostly I am using as a SIP phone and mini tablet. Nice for texting and email, and as music player. Beautiful screen for reading. Better specs than most of Amazon's tablets two years after the phone release. Battery life and other complaints have been addressed in updates. If you can find it on eBay, I totally recommend it. You are not likely to see a phone like this released again.
Great phone. I love this phone. I've had every version of iPhone until the 6. I thought it was too expensive for what it is, so I decided to try the Amazon Fire phone. I'm glad I did. Everything works well on it. Don't let other reviews talking about not being able to load certain Google apps dissuade you - it is possible to have them on your Fire phone, you just need to search the Internet to figure out how.
great new phone updated i just got this phone and i really love it. it is very well constructed and very comfortable to use. the functions work well and i like the fire o.s interface a lot. i read some of the 'pro' reviews that weren't so good, but i'm finding the phone to be a real pleasure to use. i have now been using the phone for a few days and it's still great. it has a nice heft to it. the menus are all very intuitive and easy to use. i love the ability to flick and see more information about various items that i have open. it gives me notification of new emails even when the lock screen is on. i have no complaints at all about this phone.
Solid Smartphone This is a solid smartphone. I've had it for a week now and really like it over my old phone. It is great to watch Amazon Instant Video on and the camera takes great photos. I think the dynamic perspective is a little gimmicky, but could develop into a cool feature over time if more apps are developed. The phone's navigation does take some time getting used to, but I've picked it up and really like the tilt functions when using the phone one-handed. I find it interesting that most of the negative reviews are people that don't even own the phone or are giving a review a couple hours into getting it. That isn't an honest assessment of this phone.
Love My Firefon! I love it! I am surprised with so many negative reviews. I guess they were the early postings (early-adopters get stung often, cie la vie). Seems the bugs are working their way out. Many of the complaints you see listed here are non-issues for me. I've had the phone for 40+ days and it is working great, no glitches, no trouble. It meets and exceeds my requirements. I am a Kindle reader, an audiophile, and love shopping Amazon. This phone makes the shopping/using connections easy and fun for me. Immersion reading on the phone (audio with the book that highlights the text being read as it goes along) is a totally wonderful experience and with the phone I can take that capability with me everywhere. I am "reading" two or three books per week (600-1000 pages) and amazingly I am retaining way more of it than I was before. If you like having 10-gazillion apps in the store to do what-the-heck-ever 10-gazillion apps can do this is not your phone. If you are a purveyor of the Amazon eco-market get this phone and your experience will be extended/enhanced. The spatial recognition features on the phone are powerful and add much to the experience. Pros: Powerful tool for aiding navigation through the Amazon economic ocean. Fast processing Love the headphones--no tangles, great audio, great functionality Reliable Good signal Speaker works well Great support Intuitive functionality and menu-layout App store that provides needs and does not overwhelm the user Cons: Battery cannot keep up with all the power needs of this uber-gadget (I recharge daily which has not been so on other phones) Brain-washed iPhone users think you are from Mars when they see you with this (but maybe that's a pro?) I recommend it and am highly satisfied. I hope the line continues. Cheers!
Eh, go for it. While the UI takes some getting used to and for those that are more used to the iOS (I have used iPhones exclusively for about 5 years now) I am very pleased with this phone. There are some quirks that take getting used to, which may be solved by delving deeper into the settings but that will come with time. I don't like how it saves pictures from the net, not to your own personal photo roll but in a separate file. Not that this is really a problem, you can do everything you want with it from the browser in terms of sending it to where you want it but it was less intuitive at first I feel. Firefly is amazing, in very particular situations. I have not tried it with video yet but when it comes to music it has been spot on every time. Particularly nice when driving or riding and hearing a song that I do not know, allows for quick access to the app without much interference to what I am doing and an almost instant ID of the song in question. The amazon store built in is nice, as is the kindle reader. Though the store app makes it hard to do anything but shop and look at your orders. (no access to help or anything like that) it is still good, if anything it is too good, too easy and makes for impulse buying I would think...most likely part of the plan. Battery life: This is my main beef with the phone and it may be that I have to streamline and optimize things on my end. As I said, I am still working around with it and its settings. The sleep screen will, by default, stay on for a rather long time so if you do not fix that you will see your phone dead before the end of the work day if you tend to use your phone to check the time and are not good about clicking it back to a black screen. The controls are familiar and easy to use, though I will accidentally hit the camera button on the side I am willling to deal with that for the ease of which I can pull the camera up and use it with just that one button. Overall, I suggest this to most people especially if you want something a bit different from the norm in terms of smart phones...but not different enough to make it weird.
An Exceptional Piece Of Technology ... IF AND ONLY IF YOU ARE AN AMAZON ADDICT There has been a lot of extreme reviews on this fire .. i am an android freak .. owned every galaxy flagship .. three tablets and counting .. I still have my galaxy S5 .. and looking forward to the new galaxy note 4 however .. when it comes to the FIRE phone ... aside from being a huge amazon fan and customer ..I bought the phone for the following reasons EXCLUSIVE FEATURES: 1- Dynamic Perspective: the fire is a stereoscopic 3D phone all around .. from the awesome lock screen to the icons and User Interface .. to gaming and apps support .. the way this phone handles 3D is exceptional and its so intuitive and so user friendly .. so the feature is not for the visual purposes .. but also a functional purpose 2- Firefly: many people underestimate firefly saying its a bit over Shazam ,, NO! .. Firefly can identify alot of things .. its not invincible .. but lets talk usability .. it is very handy .. very handy ... and quite fast when detecting music and movies as well .. it was able to identify so many things .. and its very easily accessible 3- Mayday: Personally I prefer doing stuff on my own .. and explore things ... I've had experience with gadgets long time ago .. but guys this is awesome .. you click on mayday and you get 24/7 service video call with amazon technicians .. and they can also control the device .. to easily help you do the job .. isn't that awesome ? 4- Amazon Prime Membership: come on guys .. if there is at least one reason to own the fire .. this is it .. a 99$ worth membership is given to you for free .. thats like a 100$ down the deal ... myself personally i cant live without super 2 days shipping and family uses the instant video service all along .. 5- Unlimited Cloud: while this is just a phone feature... and only available to it . but its such a great exclusive .. everything will be stored in the cloud forever .. add another $$ down the deal .. if you are willing to upgrade .. PROS: 1- Speed: such a speedy device .. very quick and very responsive .. yet it still has core Android features 2- Screen: honestly i was impressed that such a super PLS LCD screen can offer .. with outdoor visibility and color production 3- Amazon services: of course this is an amazon product .. but i still like to credit how accessing and utilizing those services is so easy and so handful .. and very well integrated 4- Maps: gets THUMBS up .. cause its better than apple maps .. more handy that the confusing google maps .. you can not go wrong .. it shows the current route you are in and the yellow arrow before the turn is so obvious and helpful .. oh and did I mention the change of orientation with turns .. which google .. for unknown dumb reasons .. removed from their maps .. 5- Camera: honestly I was never sold by a camera ever since the Galaxy S3 ... and of course the mighty galaxy camera .. but this one is amazing .. crystal clear and sharp ... with amazing color production and realistic tones Cons: 1- Battery life is generally weak .. standby is kinda ok .. but the device runs out of battery quick .. i guess due to DP cameras 2- app store: its still lacking ... and seriously .. there are some AT & T apps that are not available ...they should .. this is AN AT & T EXCLUSIVE ! 3- Glass design: though elegant .. its fragile .. I am sure it won't survive falls .. 4- Heavy .. I will update more on this review as I reveal more about this device ... its a must buy for amazon addicts .. and for other customers .. think twice .. it has exceptional features... but if you are not into amazon .. you are probably don't get the max rewards of this phone .. so I am not sure if you really should go for it.. it gets 5 STARS from me .. but a conditional 5 STARS
Pros & Cons List. Very Nice So Far Battery is kinda poor.***UPDATED*** Let me first say that I really like the phone so far. There are a couple things that I don't like, but they are not deal breakers, and can probably be fixed later with updates. (My old phone is a Motorola Atrix 4G) I will start with the Cons first: 1) I already miss the finger print scanner from my Atrix. The Lock screen, for the Fire, is simple with little options. 2) There is a large section of ringtones, and notification sounds, but nothing that I really like. I was able to make songs(full songs) in my library ringtones on my old phone. ***UPDATE*** If you plugin your phone to the computer you can copy and paste full MP3 songs into the ringtone folder & use those songs as ringtones. 3) The phone is very slender, and when I try sliding the carousel on the phone(from right to left) I almost always end up sliding out the right hidden panel, which displays the weather for my area. 4) I still have to get certain apps from 1mobile market to get the apps I like.(only 2) 5) The battery life seems poor. Unlike it stated on the website. I doubt it will even last a day on a full charge. I will update this later after I have used it for a full day.(I had a full charge @ 10:30am. It is now 2:45pm and I'm @ 78%. I have not used it much at all, no games, no movies, no books. Just registered it today. Flipped through the setting, Made one call, and a couple of text. The Pros are: 1) The inverted 3D(dynamic perspective). Is visually stunning, and doesn't make me dizzy or nauseous while looking at it. 2) The peek, to show battery life, time, and wifi bars, Is ingenious. Just slightly tilt the phone to see these items show up at the top of the phone. then they disappear when you tilt it back. NICE! 3) When displaying the list of texts, from previous individuals, It shows a +2, or +3, etc. on texts that were sent to a group of people. Very smart. I like this. 4) To go back to the previous page, just slide up from the bottom of the phone. I didn't know this at first and was screaming at myself "How do I go back...Where's the back button? Stooped Pho...Ohh that's how" 5)The phone works as a phone and fits in the hand nice, although it is a little slim for my fat hands. 6) I like the swipe keyboard. It should be standard for all phones. 7) The firefly button/app is a great addition to this phone. I can now get rid of the 3 apps I was using to do the same thing. All in all this is a really good phone. It has some great features and seems to work really good so far. I will update this review when I have had more time with it. By the way it is now 3:18pm and I'm @ 76% battery, without using the phone. ***UPDATE*** At 1:37pm The battery died while watching a movie. So the battery did last for a 24+ hour period on 1 charge, with minimal use except for the movie. I also got an alert at 15% & 5% battery life to plug in the phone. The phone did get warm while watching the movie, but not hot. The picture on this phone is amazing. Very clear and crisp. Let me also add that my old phone is still at an 85% charge with only little use.(transfers, and checking status) ***2nd UPDATE*** I Drained the battery on my phone, and did a full charge again. HOLY COW!!! I think it worked. Today at 4:40pm (July 26)I unplugged my phone, and was at 100%. It is now 1:35am(July 27) and I am at 93%. Grant it I haven't used my phone that much, being at work and all. But That is 100% better than yesterday. If you are having trouble with your battery. Try draining the battery by watching a movie, or something. Then give it a full charge (while its turned off). I think it took about 2.5 hours I didn't keep track. But this is more like it. I hope this helps. If it works for you pass it on. ***3rd UPDATE***7-31-2014 I am very pleased with this phone. I have been using this phone like I would use any other phone. The call quality has been great. I tend to play music on this for about 6 hours at a time(during work). I don't watch movie/shows on my phone, and very rarely play games on it, and the battery is still lasting 24+ hours at a time. The phone has some really good features, like showing extras under the apps in the carousel, especially for E-mail and texts. This also navigates very easily I haven't had problems finding anything that I need, and anything that I need takes very minimal steps to get to. The camera, and firefly are pretty sweet. The camera takes great photos, and Firefly has been recognizing most of the music, T.V. shows, and products that I have tested it with. I would say it works about 98% of the time. One post that I did read mentioned that most people tend to hit the home button when they're done looking at or doing whatever they're doing on their phone. This can leave programs, or apps running in the background while you use your phone. Draining the battery even quicker. The best thing to do is swipe back after you're finished with whatever you're doing. This will close out the program, or app. I have been reading both negative and positive feedback on the phone. Make sure that the feedback you read is from a verified purchaser. I read one that said "I don't own this phone, but I do have an opinion of it"(and it was, of course, a negative review) LOL!!! how stupid. Some People just make me laugh sometimes. Anyway... I haven't had any problems, or major glitches with this phone, and this will probably be the last update, unless something major comes up. Just remember that the phone does have a 1yr manufacturers warranty on it incase something does go wrong with it. Thanks to everyone who has responded, and Those who have purchased this phone I hope you enjoy it. Just one last thing. I would like to see Amazon integrate the phone features into their next tablet...That would be sweet, and maybe a bigger tablet, and wider phone the next time around.
Browser, camera, auto text and app store are terrible!!! I really wanted to love this phone because I love Amazon, but I don't. Here are the pros and cons in my opinion: Pros: Battery lasts a long time. Easy access to shopping on Amazon with Firefly. Plenty of storage. Cons: Only browser available is the Silk browser and it sucks! Half the time the browser doesn't work and no amount of force closing the application will get it to work right, you just can't access any websites until it decides to work. Auto text is drunk! Seriously some of the words it tries to fill in with I swear are not even English or are not even close to what I tried to put in. When I Swype a simple word it puts shoebox in. POINT PROVEN! Shoebox= something. The camera sucks. I've had two Fire phones now because the first one was defective and got dust under the cover and over the camera lens. The replacement just takes AWFUL pictures. The app store sucks! More often than not I can't get an app that I'm looking for because it's through Google Play. GET OVER IT AMAZON! Let Google on your phone and it would be 100x better! Those are just a few. The big ones.
Another Kindle? Went through AT&T to get the phone. First mistake since the price dropped on Amazons to 99 cents. Good 1. Amazon Prime for a year. 2. Large screen. 3 Good camera. 4. Identifies music accurately. (cool feature) 5. Call quality is good. 6. Music quality is good. Bad 1. Phone has decided to turn itself off a couple of times in 1 month of having it. 2. It gets hot. Much hotter than any other phone I have had. 3. The tilt feature is pretty cheesy. Just as an examples, in text messages you angle the phone to see the time stamp. It works some of the time. The space for the time-stamp is there whether you see it or not ... why do I need to angle the phone to see it? I've turned off this feature as I have found it more annoying then useful. 4. Keyboard disappears sometimes and have to reboot the phone. Major phone deal breaker for me. 5. Amazon store only for apps. 6. Sorta goes with the Amazon store, Android version is not the same as the common market. Thus, can only get Amazon apps. Not what I expected. 7. Transfer of information from old phone (iphone) wasn't too useful. It transferred contacts ... that's it. Overall, I can't recommend this phone. If the hardware and software issues were fixed, It might be ok for you. The non-standard Android operating system really has me ticked off. I wanted to try android apps, not Kindle apps. I have 2 Kindles, I didn't need another Kindle. I usually trust Amazon and like their services, which is a big reason why I got this phone. This phone makes me rethink Amazon. I feel like they leaped before looking. And I leaped before looking in not waiting for reviews on this phone. PS: One positive is that the Kindle apps I already have are available on the phone.
Learning still - Amazon needs to run quality control in the app world before letting the public use apps, with the Fire phone. Sensitive, requires your attention when typing. Requires a learning period. Transitioning into the fire. So far I see good things in the phone software, all seem to improve on other phones, Still early in my use of the fire phone. The phone has (apps) locked up a few times, requiring restart, the battery is depleted way more than it should be based on the use, I assume the blame maybe the brightness of the screen. It drains the battery every time you have the screen on. Accessory, Screen protector and leather case, well worth buying them, improves screen feel and phone comfort. Flaws I have found, is the apps are not that great for free stuff. The battery life is way too short for the use it receives, Update, 8.5 days on a charge, so not too bad. This phone warms up noticeably during playing music or videos, any kind of streaming. Using a case helps insulate your hands while holding it, from the hot phone. Benefits of Fire over any other phones: 1 Amazon cloud, music movies, books. 2 Mayday, service help. 3 OS upgrade, phone with out buying new phone every year. 4 Year of Prime 5 FireFly feature. 6 Ease of searching apps and installing. 7 Music player 8 Instant video player Update, the phone has a "fire" Whisper Link Activity View, and it locks up constantly, I call Amazon, and they don't know what I am talking about. It sure is annoying, wish there was a way update it.
If you like Amazon's appstore, you won't have any problems with this phone Had the phone since the first day. It works great - no problems with connecting, calling, etc. Speakers are clear, battery life is decent. If you like Amazon's environment, then you know the apps available. All apps previously bought/downloaded work on the Fire phone. Hope they continue to update.
Great Phone with well thoughtout features and options !!! When I bought this phone I was not very sure whether it's a right move or not as I have tried the first gen kindle fire tablet and still remember it's sluggishness. Though the fire tablet had improved a long way now I was still skeptical on this first gen device from amazon. Pros--- * No dropped calls and great call quality * good build quality , solid phone and feels good in the hands * crystal clear display and stunning videos and great camera * Speakers on both top and bottom of the phone. Great sound for videos and also audible irrespective of how you hold it. * Very fast camera button and you won't miss the moment * Unlimited photo storage on cloud * One year full prime Free * Nice integration with amazon contents like Video, Music, Books and shopping. If you use amazon already you won't be disappointed * Great headphone with tangle free flat cable. * Easy email integration and great keyboard features * Well thoughtout options and menus Cons--- * Priced at the same rate as other high end smartphones like iPhone and Galaxy S5. But considering a full year free prime (100$) and ATT 18 months next plan you will be paying much lower than the full price before you change to next version or other phones. Also 32GB memory in comparison with 16GB on other phones of same price point. * Comparatively heavy - but not bothering as it feels good in hands. * Average battery life. Doesn't get one full day and need to recharge it by end of day. I hope amazon would send out some software updates to fix this issue. Still remember these kind of problems with most of the releases of earlier versions of iPhone and Galaxy too. So unless it's an hardware issue I'm good. * Not a great looking phone. Phone as such doesn't have a wow factor in looks and design but with a custom case the phone looks as good as any other smartphone and the screen looks crystal clear and sharp. * Lot less apps than iTunes and Play store. Waiting for more but most of the important ones I use (like facebook, twitter, Netflix, Pandora, skype, pinterest, Instagram,yelp etc) are already available. * It takes a bit to get used to the navigation and gestures on this new OS (but once you have used it for a couple of days you find it very thought out and useful.) Overall it's an impressive phone in terms of usability and features. But if you are looking for an iPhone in this phone you may be disappointed. There are very well thought out options in this phone compared to iPhone for e:g the front carousel helps you to easily navigate between the recently used apps or widgets , swipe from the bottom takes you to previous pages/views with in the app or browser based on which app you are using etc. Update in 3rd week of use --------------- Using it for around 3 weeks now and still loving it. Battery not lasting a full day is still an issue and also few minor issues like silk browser crashing when 10 tabs are open. Not sure whether there is a limit of 10 tabs or its a defect. Either way hope amazon would address it in next software update. Otherwise phone is working great and loving it..! Monkey buddy is the new best friend of my daughter :)
KICK I have had my fire phone for about 5 months now and no issues. I have read through alot of negative reviews about this phone and the most common complaint is it doesnt fit the "lifestyle". Like most phones are geared towards productivity this one is geared to to be a multimedia device. If your a person like me i was careful making my decision on what to buy and wieghed the options, I listen to music all day at work at lunch I stream a 30 minute TV episode. I track my time worked at different jobsites, keep records of water chemistry, make notes with everything, check emails, navigate anywhere i need to ETC.... I honestly dont know what anyone has to complain about except not having the fire phone. And yes the assistant/app store is not advanced like SIRI or google but the phone kicks ass. Kicks so much ass that the new versions of Iphones are being modeled right now after what amazon has done with the dynamic display technology. I'm super happy and attached to this device it does everything I need it to. The real Gimmicks are hand writing something on your phone or, my phone is also my tv remote, or the "FULL HD VIDEO RECORDING" selling point. My opinion this is the most advanced phone on the market with more procesing power than most desktop computers. Buy it you wont be dissapointed the big downside is its limited market to AT&T subscibers.
Has been a good phone Has been a good phone, and like the display. Left the Android world for this, and not for any real reason than just was time. And liked how they did things with other whom have one. Would like to see some of the same apps, since Amazon still seems to be lacking in some areas, but for me not a deal breaker.
This phone is like an Android and an iPhone had a crappy, battery eating baby. I wanted to like this phone, because I genuinely like Amazon; I buy most of my books and music from them. But it just wasn't to be. This phone is a first generation, and it shows with its multiple problems. There are several things I really enjoyed about this phone, including the mayday feature; Even though it ate my data. I loved the headphones. I love that I was finally able to download my movies I had purchased on Amazon, because they STILL don't have an option for that on anything other than a PC or Apple products. The alerts for my deliveries was handy. And the fact that it came with a free year of Amazon Prime was a real draw in, considering they've recently upped the price by more than twenty dollars. But when I found out that the free music selection was limited and I could only borrow one free kindle book a month when at first they made it sound as if I got unlimited access, I was upset. The things I was solidly dissatisfied with are numerous. I wanted to use the ten dollars in free coins they gave me on music, but the only option was for games and apps. The autocorrect is an absolute pain in the ass. Usually auto corrects are annoying, but this one was a step up. I couldn't even use actual words without it correcting them to random things. I had a problem with I alot specifically for some reason. It only comes with about 25 gbs out of the box, when it says it's a 32 gb phone. When I called wondering where the rest of my storage was, they told me it was the system memory that was taking up space. I told them the system memory is in fact listed as only taking up approximately 300 odd mb; They were confused. I think perhaps if a phone's system memory takes up that much space, they shouldn't count it as the usable storage on the device when they market it. It makes it seem like they're not very smart, and are trying to short the customer. Seems like common sense to me. To be fair, the guy I talked to did file a ticket and call me back to say it was probably showing wrong and I could re-something-or-other-it. But I've since read other reviews with the same issues, so I don't really think it would have worked anyway. I told him I was returning the phone so I didn't matter and thanked him for his assistance. The phone is incredibly annoying and hard to navigate, and since I'm use to Samsung it's a rather large draw back that I don't even get a background image, let alone the option for picture frames on the screen. They have their own app store, which doesn't support Hulu, Youtube, or anything Google. Pretty much everything I use is tied to my Google account. They said that if I was really integrated in Amazon that in really wouldn't matter... that wasn't very accurate. They also have their own browser, which features Bing, and is truly not as good as Google or any other search engines or browsers I've come across. But maybe I'm biased. The phone overheats to an EXTREME degree, so the fact that the entire back is glass makes it extra uncomfortable to handle. It charges fast, and the standing battery life isn't bad... but I'd actually like to use my phone, that's why I bought it. The usable battery life is absurd. I've had to charge my phone at least three times a day. It drops a significant amount in just a few minutes. I had seen reviews saying that the battery life was subpar, but this is ridiculous. It says that I can turn off dynamic perspective to perhaps achieve a longer battery life, but considering that was one of the main reasons I was interested in the phone.... There is no clipboard, so you can't go back and see anything you've cut or copied; It's all lost text. I looked up how to find the browser history on my phone, but only found out how to do that on a Kindle Fire. So it appears as if there is no browser history on this phone. It continually freezes and drops my webpages and apps. This phone simply isn't for me. If it's the phone for you, fabulous, but be forwarned about the issues. Luckily I'm still within my fourteen day return period, so I will returning it today for the Samsung Galaxy 5. Perhaps I'm just a Galaxy girl at heart.
Bad phone that has only gotten worse. Good phone but needs to be more customizable. I would like to set my background as a picture and things like that. But, overall I really like it. Also, its Bluetooth capability is very limited at this time but hopefully in the future they will put out a software update that fixes that. Update 11/2015 Everything that runs on the Amazon software has stopped working. The phone is only good as a paperweight.now. I understand they lost money and don't want to make new phones but to stop the phone from being able to run its software is ridiculous. Some people are still stuck with this phone for another year until they can get an upgrade.
I'm Not Sure! EDITED (Now I Am!) ETA: After a half dozen soft resets, a bunch of dropped calls, blank screens out of nowhere, screen going crazy and going blank when I swipe it, and having to reboot my "software" twice (it's a phone, wasn't expecting to see that!)...this is not the phone for me. I will be calling AT&T in the morning and getting a phone that doesn't make me want to throw it out of the window on a daily basis. Hopefully I can get a refund. Or some credit for having to put up with this nonsense. I lived and learned my lesson and went near-crazy with this POS "smartphone". It isn't reliable at all!! Oh and thank you, for when I was talking to my boss and had to restart it twice during the conversation. Thanks a bunch. Oh and I have had AT&T for years, this is the phone not the network. Original Review: I am still on the fence. I like it. With my review keep in mind I am not a huge electronics person, I buy them when I need to and that's that. PROS: ~ I got a free year of Prime. Which I would have gotten anyway. So it basically made the phone $99 cheaper. ~ Graphics are great. ~ App Store is good - the games look amazing! ~ Camera is great, love the editing features ~ Call clarity is wonderful CONS: ~ Confusing. It took me a few days to get it down. Even then I had to Google a "manual" to figure things out. I am pretty tech savvy but this one stumped me. Even after I watched the demo a few times. ~ The phone can get REALLY hot sometimes. Especially while playing a game. ~ It is a bit tiring that my phone keeps recommending books, etc. from Amazon. I get it, it is from Amazon, you need to advertise, but really? Recommending every book I looked at/browsed through/thought of on my phone?? It's overkill. And annoying. ~ Too much going on. Some features are unnecessary. It needs to be streamlined a bit, be more user friendly. The concept is great but the outcome is so-so. Bottom line, I like it. I don't love it. I thought I would but it is too much, too confusing and just doesn't 100% work for me. And I'm stuck in a new 2 year contract. Silly me.
Not perfect, but for a first gen device there is a lot to like! I really like how the Fire phone feels in hand, and did not have any trouble syncing apps and content from my HTC One. Yes, non-compatible apps I had on my HTC could not be transferred, but anyone who has owned a Kindle Fire (or has done a bit of research on available apps before ordering) would expect that. I'll readily acknowledge that I'm a long-time Prime customer and am definitely embedded in the Amazon ecosystem, so the overall experience would surely be different for those who are not. Apps: Most of my "must haves" were available right away, and a few others were easily side-loaded. However, not having a functional "One Bus Away" will definitely put a thorn in my side in the short term (developers, it's open source, please help a fella out!). I've tried side-loading multiple versions of the .apk, but they all crashed right away (same happened with Dolphin, though Chrome works okay). Music sounds great, and while I like the included earbuds (especially the flat cord and magnetic earpieces), they simply don't fit in my ears well... they are too large, or maybe just not a good fit for my relatively small ears. They are not noise-isolating, nor are they advertised to be. That is one of the reasons I typically opt for a different set of buds. I've also used Bluetooth and the Fire paired up quickly w/o any issues. Screen Resolution: C'mon, on a screen this small most of us would never know the difference. I don't spend a lot of time doing "serious watching" on my phone, so the difference between 1920 x 1080 and 1280 x 720 is not meaningful to me. You might notice this on your big screen, but compared to other phones I'd be surprised. As a test, I watched the same scene from Game of Thrones using HBO GO on Fire phone and my HTC One (with volume and screen brightness on the same setting). I must say I preferred both the sound - and believe it or not the picture - on the Fire. The sound was louder and fuller at the same volume, and colors seemed brighter. Again, I tried to set up the devices exactly the same prior to testing in terms of picture/volume settings, using the same version of the app. I can't say my test is w/o flaws, but at least I tried! I do miss the widgets from my HTC One - which compiled different news, sports, tech, entertainment, etc. articles from various sources, though I have not done any research to know if there is something similar for Fire phone. Battery Life (in perspective): Okay, I must admit I was surprised when my Fire phone seemed to be hemorrhaging battery power the day I got it - but I think this was based partly on atypical usage (i.e. constantly messing with it bc I got a new gadget). Through a routine day, including streaming music ~2hrs and browsing/texting, streaming occasional video as usual, I ended up with ~60% of battery life after 11 hrs. My HTC One, which I got 14 months ago, would leave me at 40% for the same daily routine. Keep in mind that this was with all of the Fire's "dynamic perspective" stuff enabled all day. I have not used Mayday or Firefly, but I do find some of the "low motion" features pretty useful, though not perfect. Being able to access certain menus by tilting the device right/left is pretty nifty, especially for commuters holding on with one hand and using their other to operate their phone; a quick thumb press and you're there. This is also a situation where the tilting forward and back to auto-scroll comes in handy. The bad news is that not a lot of apps (that I know of) take advantage of these features, and the auto-scroll can be a little finicky (too fast/slow - though that could be part of the learning curve for using a new device). After nearly a week's use I'm definitely a satisfied customer, and am not pining for my HTC One. For a first-time foray into the smartphone sector, Amazon has come up with an easy-to-use device with some unique features. If you're looking for a clone of your current phone, you should probably just wait for the next upgrade to/release of your existing device... but if you're a Prime Customer and have uploaded music, etc. to Amazon's cloud I think you'll be super happy with the Fire phone, especially as the number of available apps increases.
Perfect for Kindle Users To state the obvious, this phone has gotten some really horrible reviews. I've never used an Apple iPhone or Samsung, which are the companies most reviewers are comparing to the new Amazon Phone. However, I have always used an Android operating system, which is the system most often desired by the other reviewers. As far as the comparison to the iPhone or a Samsung phone goes, both are companies that have had years to build up to the phones they now mass-produce. Amazon has just now started stepping into the phone business; it will only get better from here. You're comparing apples to oranges. As far as the Android operating system goes, I have yet to see any problems in that regard. I really have no idea what it is that the other reviewers are missing when they say this. I've been using this phone for a couple months now and have had easy access to anything and everything I've wanted from it. This is a great phone. The negative reviews on here, and on the AT&T website, almost discouraged me from buying it. Now, I can't really say I paid full price...or at all...for this phone...I didn't. I got the two year contract with AT&T so the phone would be $0.99, then I got $5 off because I also have my internet through AT&T...so the phone was free. I'm all for that type of customer service. I'm thrilled that Amazon has started dabbling in the phone business, and I can't wait to see what comes next. The bottom line is that this phone is basically the Kindle Fire. Now it's smaller and you can make phone calls. When I first heard about the Amazon Fire Phone, my hope was that it would be exactly like my Kindle, but in "phone version." And that's exactly what it is; it met my expectations. A lot of negative reviewers say that they cant work the operating system on the Fire Phone...I'm curious as to whether or not they are Kindle Fire users. Any kindle user should find this phone to be enjoyable.
99 CENTS!!!! No brainer What can I say 99 cents for a smartphone it's a no brainer !!! There is a tinny sound with music but not if using a Bluetooth speaker and when streaming videos it does crackle a little but I don't use a phone to watch video. Super fast easy to use some very kewl functions ie: just turn the phone to bring on an accessory screen and it's just tried into Amazon so very well as well as Google . Awesome pictures and easy to use as well. If one has Amazon Prime it's music video and books all for about 80 bucks a year.
OK but "It's Not not my bag Baby"! I bought this phone recently, but returned to AT&T a few days later, Sorry Amazon, it's just NOT for me! Although there have been more lengthier and well described reviews on it, I can just say what I do and don't like. I do like the 3D graphics, that's cool, and Mayday; sure is nice to talk to someone right away! I love Monkey Buddy, I'll miss it, it's fun! I DON'T like that the apps are separate from the screen saver (wallpaper, or as they call it lock screen scene). I LIKE dragging apps onto the wallpaper and having a pretty picture open up WITH the apps, I just DON'T like having no wallpaper at all, and you can't have that cool 3D screen scene and the apps together with this phone. The 3D lock screen scene is only on for a short while, what's the use of that! The other thing about it I definitely don't like IS the text messages. I DO NOT like how small it is, and I don't have a choice of how big I want it because there is only one size, SMALL, especially for my eyes! I know they told me I could tap the screen three times to enlarge it, but then it's too big and goes out of the phone unless you flip it vertically; who wants to be doing that constantly! I know this phone is a bit on the heavier side, but that doesn't bother me. Camera was great, never took videos BUT all in all, NOT my type! When I took it back to AT&T I traded it for a LG G2, and now it's love at first use, LOL :))).
LOVE this phone! I'm confused by the negative reviews. We absolutely LOVE this phone. Love it. Here's our story. We also have a Samsung S5 and an older iPhone 5. The Fire Phone is our favorite one. Here's why. Great graphics - love the 3D effects. Great camera. The Samsung's camera is also fantastic. We don't see a difference between them. I wish it would hold a memory chip, but we're fine without it. We got the 64GB phone. Battery power seems to be the same as the Apple (when it was new) and the Samsung. Apps are GREAT. Better than the Apple apps and the apps I found for the Samsung. I'm not sure about the complaints about apps here. EXAMPLE: Music ID app (Firefly) is MUCH BETTER than anything I have found for the other phones. I have put Shazam and SoundHound on my Samsung. We love classical music - Firefly always finds our music. Shazam and SoundHound do not find many of the pieces that Firefly finds. That's fantastic. Mayday feature is FANTASTIC! To have a tech person right there on the phone to help you? Love it! Love it. The ONLY problem we had occurred when we put a screen protector on the phone. All sorts of problems started then - turns out, most of the screen protectors cover at least one sensor that is essential to phone function. Looking at reviews of the screen protectors, I can see this is a major problem - next time, I read reviews before purchasing them. I don't understand the negative reviews of this phone.
A great cell phone A great cell phone! I've had no technical issues what so ever with the fire phone. The choices of apps from amazon can more than satisfy any needs. The features such as perspective and firefly are useful. As usual, it is obvious that Amazon did not skimp on quality. This phone is an excellent product, so go ahead...Dare to be different!
Ignore the 1 star reviews because they have nothing to do with the phone itself! Ignore the 1 star reviews, most of them are because Amazon does not use green energy for their servers... Big whoop... This is a great phone, especially if you already have a Kindle Fire tablet as all of your apps are there for you to use, and the ones you have in the cloud can be easily downloaded. The speakers are great, and I can easily hear music streamed through the phone across the room. The silk browswer is improved as well and will allow you to connect through a proxy server so it's more useful in more places. The camera works really well and importing contacts was pretty easy. If you are new to smart phones this one has a small learning curve as my technoloy challenged wife will attest to. She was quickly able to figure out how to take photos and then post them to facebook with little trouble and it was easier to do with the phone than on our computer. I also use it for reading books and although the screen is not as large as a tablet, ebooks are easy to read. All in all it's an excellent phone.
The naysayers online are wrong. I usually am very dependent on online reviews when making purchases. I was going to get an S5, but then I saw the announcement for this phone and because I have all my music in the Amazon cloud and I was interested in the free year of Amazon prime I decided to buy this phone. After that I saw a lot the negative reviews online. I was a little worried, but after owning it for a week I consider this the best smart phone I have ever owned. My previous phones were Iphone 3GS and HTC OneX. The concerns that I saw online and I still see from some of the reviews here are: 1. Poor battery life. This phone has a better battery life than my previous phones. With normal usage, emails, news, texting, words with friends, phone calls etc, I can make it through the day without charging with about 20% left. I am guessing the reviews were made by people who use graphically intensive games. If you play alot of games throughout the day you probably will have to charge up before the normal night time charge. So I think the battery life is better than expected. 2. Amazon appstore only. All the apps I use except for TWC TV, and DallasCowboys.com are available. The Bleacher report app that I found is actually better than the Cowboys official app. Also the prices are cheaper with Amazon appstore. When you buy apps they actually give you points back on many apps. With the 1000 points that I got with the phone, I have yet to spend my own money on apps. So far I really like the Amazon appstore. I do hope they get the TWC tv app soon though, but it is early. 3. AT&T only. AT&T is what I use and it has the best signal here so this is fine by me. I do hope they expand. 4. Amazon OS. This is my favorite part of the phone. It is very simple to use. I love the left and right panes and 2 top panes that you can make appear. The very top pain is the Settings, Mayday etc and a flashlight and the lower top pain is the app carousel. I do not know how to explain it but the look and feel of the OS is very intuitive and relaxing to look at. Amazon has great UI developers. I like the Amazon OS better than the Iphone and Android OS that I have used in the past. 5. Hotness. I saw one review that the phone gets really hot. I use the Amazon Polyurethane case and I have not noticed it, but as I said in part 1, I am not a heavy or even a moderate gamer so this does not appear to be a problem for me. My Iphone and Android would get hot too if I were using it really heavy. This is definitely a non issue. 6. No Siri alternative. If you hold down the home key, you have voice commands. I am not a big voice command user, but all of the ones that I have used in the past are available on this phone and the voice commands work well. 7. Turn by Turn? I did not know when I got this phone if this was available and I am glad to say it is available. There is also an option to use a voice command in the Maps app to say where you want to go and the turn by turn works great. I really like the maps app as well. 8. Price. I think this is a good value, you get free Amazon Prime for a year which is 99 bucks and that is a good value at 99 dollars, and you get 10.00 free apps. It is cheeper than my last 2 smartphones where I paid 200 bucks and got nothing like that in return. My favorite part of the phone is the OS. It is very well designed. The alerts/reminders are not annoying like other phones, but are relaxing instead and the OS is very intuitive and easy to use. It will take a few days to get used to it, but you can still use it effectively from the get go. I am now used to swiping up instead of using a back key in some apps. Despite the naysayers, I believe this is as good as a phone as you can get right now. I have been using the Amazon MP3s for some time and the music is cheaper than Itunes. I got a year worth of Amazon Prime and I like the Streaming more than Netflix streaming. I am catching up on Workaholics and some HBO shows that I have never seen. I havent watched Amazon Prime on the phone, but I can watch on my TVs that have the Amazon app on them. Also the Prime music is a good option. I like the free playlists. The Firefly feature and Dynamic features are really cool, but the best thing about the phone for me is the OS design.
On Fire for the Fire Phone! This was purchased for my 11 year old daughter and she was thrilled after opening it. Being as she already has a Kindle Fire, it made sense to buy her to Fire Phone so she could easy toggle between them. Overall, great phone, no issues and she seems to love it!!
Bottom line: I'm glad I bought it. Overall I like the phone. It is definitely going through the growing pains expected of a brand new device intended to disrupt the market. Although I'm not so sure it has the unique features necessary to accomplish a market disruption. But it certainly is a formidable attempt. The integration with Amazon is well-engineered and therefore reliable. I like Dynamic Perspective, because it does what it was intended to do; it helps you use the phone one-handed. That said, it is probably what eats the battery, and it takes getting used to. I still want to use two hands even when I don't need to. Like any new feature of course, it needs to mature. Firefly is cool, and useful, but needs a little more work. I wish it would recognize company name and address when it is formatted properly on a business card. by formatted properly, I mean as it would appear on an envelope. I don't expect it to recognize a randomly formatted address block, but I did expect it to recognize the standard format for the locale i.e. USA, Canada, etc. Biggest Complaint: Battery Life. UGH! it's terrible! If I left it alone all day and didn't take more than one or two short calls, the battery might last all day. But who leaves a smartphone alone for an entire day? Favorite Feature(s): I can't really point to just one as "the favorite" so my list, in no particular order: phone calls are clear on both ends of the call; screen is very bright when I need it and very dim when I need that; Learning curve wasn't as bad as I expected. What would I change: let me swap out the battery; Look at all the spare batteries you guys could sell if you allowed users to change the battery... you're missing a cash cow here.
Not sure what all the hate is about... I personally really like the phone. I think it's solidly built with a good camera and video. Comparing this with my HTC One (M8), which is rated to have one of the best cameras out there, I think it is very close in quality. Yes, there are a few apps that I wish it had that I can't get from Amazon. I think the battery life is good. I am a very heavy user and it lasts me from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. and still has about 20 to 25% left. On some days where I don't use it as much, it has about 45% left. I probably would not have purchased it for the original price. However, a 64GB phone for $99 for me was a great deal and I am very happy with my purchase.
Fits my needs well! Brief Summary followed by explanation: Pros: Fire phone excels as: 1. Functioning as an Actual phone 2. All forms of Media playback and web browsing 3. Maps/Gps function Cons: The only con I have found so far may simply be user error in that I'm not entirely sure if apps "fully close" when exiting, or may simply be differences in operating systems. Overall functioning: I find the Fire phone appears to outperform my Note 3 consistently & across all domains despite appearing to have "inferior" specifications on paper. Additionally, the phone comes with a free year of Amazon Prime. Current Prime members also receive this bonus. I nearly avoided this phone due to some of the bad reviews. I'm very thankful that I took a chance with this phone. I acquired the phone from an AT&T store. I took the time to go through the tutorial & I'm glad that I did. Navigating the fire phone is a unique experience compared to Android devices; however, I appreciate the break from conventional methods. This phone has excellent call quality which I define by voice clarity & very low levels of "static" on the line. I find the phone impressive as a media player in general. Both audio and video appear to be of a much higher quality when comparing the *exact same* media files, i.e. same resolution, etc, when playing on my Note 3 vs Fire phone. The built in "Music" app takes a few seconds to load initially, then is very quick to navigate. My only issue is that accessing Prime Music requires downloading an additional app. The Silk browser *drastically* outperforms Chrome, & the built in browser, on my Note 3. The maps/ GPS functioning initially appears superior to Google maps in that it *doesn't* tAke forever to locate GPS signal, & I have yet to suddenly lose connection---which frequently happened to me using Google maps on my Note 3. The screen on this phone is amazing with very good to excellent color clarity, depth, and is far easier to read than my previous Note 3. I am very impressed with the display in general, especially visibility in direct sunlight! I am not a heavy app user, but do rely on gmail on a daily basis. I had zero issues using the built in "Email" app to access my Gmail account. I actually *prefer* the email app because my email presents by day vs by Google's predefined categories---which I personally dislike strongly enough to consider dropping Gmail entirely.
The "Jitterbug" of Smartphones I originally had a Galaxy 3 and I was looking to upgrade. Decided to try the Fire and I was not happy at all! I will admit, the Firefly app was pretty cool but that is all that this phone has going for it. This is what smartphones were like in their infancy. There are a ton of apps that are not available (basic apps in my opinion), phone doesn't feel sturdy at all, the back is made of glass and there is no way of personalizing your phone with wallpapers, fonts or colors. This phone is "basic" to say the least. I lasted less than 48 hours with the Fire and took it back to the AT&T store. I couldn't get rid of it fast enough! Another thing is that it is WAY over priced. I decided to go with the Galaxy s5 (which is $100 LESS than the Fire) and I couldn't be happier! Pros- Firefly Free Amazon Prime Cons- No personalizations at all Lack of apps Very Expensive Mediocre camera Back is made of glass Feature on the phone are very basic
Amazon should sell this lower than $180 Got it on sale for $180. With a great specs, I thought it was good deal. But after a few days of use, I'm kinda disappointed. First, there is no back button and the gesture command for "back" is annoying and will work as "scroll down" most of the time even when you start from the edge of the bottom screen as the instruction suggests. Second, there is no auto-rotation control in the sub-panel. You have to go directly to settings find the auto-rotation menu before you can either turn it off or on. It's a lot of work for something you need to change a lot especially when playing movies from browser. Third, the speakers sounds dull and cheap. The earphone that comes with the phone is good enough (feels loose though). Most people complain about not having google play store but it is not a problem for me as I was able to install one (just search how on google). What bothers me most is the battery life. The battery easily drains and can get hot if use the phone actively (watching movies, playing games) for longer period of time. Over-all, the phone is decent with good display (though only 720x1280), good camera (but not as fast especially when hdr or best shot is turned on) and snappy enough (but could be laggy sometimes, especially with non-Amazon apps). For $180, arguably the best phone at that price range. But if you're willing to add just a few dollars, LG G2 is available now for only $205 which I think is far better than the fire phone. For just $25 more, you get a lot.
awesome phone I love this phone! It did take some adjusting to switch from the iPhone, but worth it for the bigger screen, prime membership and the awesome dynamic perspective feature. I want more games to utilise it because it is fantastic!!
Some changes are good Great so far. Haven't had any heat problems or trouble with battery life that other reviewers complained about. I left iPhone for the fire. I wasn't unhappy with the iPhone but had been a satisfied Amazon customer for a long time, and used their services for all of my music and books. It is nice to have the direct link and quick purchase for Amazon products. The tilt menus are handy and didn't take long to master. The firefly technology is a real time saver for contacts if you are in a good cell signal location (which seems to be superior to my old phone thus far). Though I was a bit apprehensive switching to android, the fire made it easy. The phone is a comfortable size, and the display and speakers make watching video a better experience than my old iPhone 5. The only low mark I can give is not actually on the phone but with the app store. I hope that Amazon sees fit to expand their choices of podcast apps in the future.
Solid phone with some fun features, great if you are prime I actually really like this phone. I had an iPhone 4s before this one, so maybe I'm not on the electronic cutting edge. Things I like: Carousel - it is easy to skim email, text messages, and phone calls without having to open the app. More useful than it sounds. Tilt - was a bit awkward at first but very useful, especially for flashlight, blue tooth, wi-fi, and alerts. Lock screen - is this lame? I love them. The graphics are beautiful and the 3-d is cool. Camera button on the side. More intuitive for me than going to the camera app. Amazon Instant Video - I can watch movies/tv, or my kids can watch tv episodes when we are caught out and about. Plus it must be some kind of fancy video app, since I can touch the screen at any time and the actors names or trivia will pop up from imdb. Things I don't like: Lack of apps. This does not seem to be improving. I use the wallet for my coffee cards so I can still pay by phone, but I miss my starbucks app. Phone heat - this doesn't happen anymore, or I stopped noticing. I have a cover, so maybe that helps? But it was something that bugged me at first. Battery - better than the 4s but still not great. Oddly, it's better now, but I still like to plug it in every day. Buggy - sometimes my phone gets slow, or my email doesn't respond as quickly as I expect it to. Firefly - what is it? Sort of useless to me at the moment. I tried to disable it but you can't. Some apps you can't delete either. Overall it's a great phone. I definitely prefer to my iPhone. However, I am not a gamer or tech junkie, just a regular mom and I use very few apps. This phone fits my needs. I like to browse the Internet, check and write email, text, call people, use Facebook, pinterest, read books, and listen to music. It has plenty of storage so I can take lots of photos and videos of my kids.
I would recommend buying a Fire phone from amazon. I have enjoyed the fire phone and recommend it. This phone has some good things going for it. One of my favorite features is the camera and picture sharing. When I take a picture and connected to WiFi all those pictures are loaded to cloud storage (for free) which if you have a kindle HD it can view and download effortlessly. My wife plans to get a fire phone for her self so we can share pictures over the phone with out having to send them over text. If you have a kindle HD your app's that you downloaded can also be shared to your phone including paid app's, if it's the same account. A perk is when the phone is locked, with a push of a button I can fire up the camera quickly and painlessly as opposed to unlocking the phone the loading the camera. The pictures the camera takes are great. There is a feature if you hold down the camera button it will take a hundred pictures in a minute, great for action shots. With free cloud unlimited storage for pictures I can delete and edit later. (Caution, it's not unlimited for video) The fire phone has a battery life. Anyone should know that batteries lose their effectiveness over time, Regardless of what phone. I have seen all my friends, relatives and co-workers bring a phone charger with their phone. I think this has a decent to good battery life. From dead phone to charge takes less then a hour on the 5w charger. A three foot long cord is also supplied with the phone making it easy to attach to a plug in. App's. If your coming from another another app store like Apple or google, your not going to have the same selection in the kindle app store. If there is a app that you can't live with out, check out the amazon app store to see if it's there before getting phone. I'm happy with what app's amazon has. If their was a app that did my dishes for me I'd be incredibly happy but there's not. I'll keep checking though. The phone feels good in my hand. It feels solid, sturdy even. The display is crisp, sharp and fantastic. Phone calls made with the phone sound great. The speaker on the phone is solid. I can blast music in my living room comfortably. The firefly app is very useful. Not only can you identify music and movies but record names and numbers into your phone. Think business cards and hand written numbers. When shopping I can comparison shop when I think I can get a better deal online. It's only a touch of a button even if your phone is locked. This is a great feature for me. If you have a amazon kindle, the fire phone go hand in hand. I was not expecting this when I purchased the fire phone. I do not own a fire tv or fire stick but if I do purchase one my phone could be used as a advanced remote. A few complaints. 1. Internet browsing is not as effective as it can be. When I change web pages, I sometimes have problems getting the address bar to come up or closing a web page to open a new tab. This is annoying. There is a feature which I had to turn off that with a tilt of my phone up or down I could scroll up or down. There is no way to control the sensitivity of this. If reading a article I put my phone down and pick it back up its scrolled to the bottom losing my place. 2. Swiping. I have a two and three year old. They enjoy playing their games on my phone. Problem comes from when you swipe from the bottom of screen to up it takes you back a menu or previous running app. even in a game. So they get frustrated when they play and swipe all to often and I rescue my phone before they throw it. They love drawing and coloring app's. 3. AT&T. Amazon prime is heavily integrated into this phone so a decent data plan is needed if you don't have WiFi. I would use amazon prime music at work but AT&T data plan is expensive. Even watching prime tv away from home is next to worthless with out a good data plan. Unless you spend a lot of money on a data plan, prime on the go is almost worthless. 4. Dynamic view. Until they come up with more app's this simply feels like a marketing gimmick. It's a fun concept but has little value at the moment. Overall I would recommend this phone. I plan on buying another fire phone. I would urge you to consider this if your shopping for a new phone. Why I gave it only four out of five stars is all this power is limited by your data plan a WiFi connection is a must. The swiping can be fine tuned but not a deal breaker. This is a great first attempt from Amazon and I hope they do another attempt at making a phone.
Good device overall but not ready for prime time. First the bad... What apps it is shipped with and the few I tried worked seem great. BUT,,,,,, Since you cannot use Google Play your apps are limited and most of what is offered are not free. The Bluetooth has a major flaw, you cannot initiate a call via your handsfree anything except on the phone. Hit the call button on your device such as BT enabled radio or steering wheel control and nothing happens on the phone. It will hang up a call but as for voice dialing without picking up your phone and initiating a call well worthless from that standpoint. What is hands free if you cannot make a call without picking up your phone. I spent a LOT of time with Amazon Fire Phone support and this is currently not supported, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING! Importing contacts hmmmmmm, AT&T stores equipment is not set up to transfer contacts so if you purchase the phone you have 2 options; 1 use bluetooth transfer which will fail halfway through unless you fully charge the Fire Phone first. 2 manually input all your contacts. Since you do not have full access to google, if you had backed up your contacts to your google plus account forget it that is not an option. The 3d display is fantastic, the tilt and look around is the best I have seen. The Voice recognition is also well done better than most, (Since I have not tried SIRI I did not compare it) The device is a great size and controls are easy to use.
The Amazon Fire Phone is really hot! You can't go wrong with an Amazon Fire Phone especially if you already own a Kindle Fire. It has speed, power, variety, connection to Amazon's cloud for storing books, pictures and music - not to mention a smart space age appearance that has drawn positive comments from iPhone and Samsung enthusiasts. Buy it with the Spigen Fire Phone Case to show it at its best!
Change is Good! I've had my Fire phone for about a week now. The first couple of days, I had serious growing pains and was doubting my decision to change. But, giving myself some time to adjust (from iPhones), this phone is good! Like anything new, there are a learning curves. But that's nothing to overcome. Email: You can use the mail application that comes with the Fire Phone to download your email from any internet based service (Yahoo, Hotmail, Gmail, etc). I did that on my iPhone and now in the Fire phone. I have full access to all my folders that I created in my Gmail account and was able to seamlessly sync my email. The mail program on the Fire phone works just like any other POP mail program (iMail, Outlook, etc). The transition has been good. Calendar: It syncs all your calendars from your email accounts. I use Gmail and the Gmail calendar, so all of my appointments and events pulled up perfectly. I had no issues with that. Photos: Syncing my photos to the Amazon Cloud was a little time consuming, but I was syncing A LOT of photos. I was able to create different photo albums in the Cloud, so now when I look on my phone at my Cloud photos, I can select what album to look in (Vacation, Kids, Pets, etc). Music: I again, synced my music to the Amazon Cloud. It took forever, but that could be the 1300 songs and my internet speed. I have access to stream it to my phone now. I haven't really spent much time in the Music app to see about creating different playlists, but I can review that later once I spend time in it. Usage: The battery life is quick. I have a Kindle Fire HDX, so I left my phone charger at the office and use my Kindle charger at home. I do stream music throughout the day and use my phone to access Facebook, so I have the need to charge my phone. But, iPhone battery life was about the same, so I charged it throughout the day as well. Dynamic Perspective: I think it's cool. I really like the 3D interaction. I haven't played any games on my phone yet with it, so other than using it for the lock screen and just phone interaction, I can't properly give you a review on it. But from other posts, people like it to game with. I do like the flick of the wrist motions to pull up side menus in different applications. That's also the Dynamic Perspective working for you, and watching your head movements. Sometimes, when I can't find what I'm looking for, I remember I can flick my wrist and pull up what I was wanting. Again, just takes some time to get used to and to remember to use it! Camera: The camera takes fantastic photos. It's easy to use, and you can access quickly from the side button on the phone, even when your phone is locked. If you hold that button, the Firefly app comes up and you can scan a song, phone number, product, etc and Firefly will pull the information up. I do quite a bit of shopping with Amazon, so the comparison shopping with it was fun. The volume control buttons are right above the camera button. I LOVE that I can adjust my volume on my phone WITHOUT unlocking my phone. That was a BIG pet peeve of mine with my iPhone. I called Mayday on my phone and got a quick response. The tech was very helpful in answering my question regarding the phone. I brought up that I couldn't delete my recent call list (like I could with my iPhone). I could lonely delete it one phone call at a time. The tech told me they would submit my request and it would be reviewed. If other users called in with the same issue, they would put that feature in a new software release. I like that idea, and again, since the phone is new, we've go to let Amazon know what we want in the phone. Another issue I brought up was making a phone call from my VIP list. It was a few more steps than necessary, and the tech told me that they were fixing that in a new software release already. My third problem was syncing photos with the Facebook app. Again, they looked into it, and will address that issue with the App department and see about getting photos to sync a little easier from the Cloud to the application. I like that I can call in and give them some feedback on my likes and dislikes and it would be addressed. The overall change over from my iPhone to the Fire Phone has been good! Like I said in the beginning, there are some growing pains, but like any good company, Amazon is listening and taking everything we want in a phone to heart. I love that this phone seems to me like a hybrid of an iPhone and an Android phone. I'll take the hiccups along the way to create a really fantastic phone! I can't wait for more software updates to really get the user experience I'm wanting. So far, so good!
) already and didn't want a smart phone that wouldn't give me access to it I bought this phone because I have so much amazon content (books, music, games, video, etc.) already and didn't want a smart phone that wouldn't give me access to it, and friends advised that the Kindle app for Iphones only works for books. This is my first smartphone and I love it. The camera function is great, Mayday is super helpful, and I've been able to run all the apps I want. I do find I have to charge it pretty often, but I use it a lot, so I think that's fair. I'm surprised it isn't doing better with customers--mine is great!
I really hated this phone when I first used it but then ... I really hated this phone when I first used it but then I googled how to add Google play store to the Amazon Fire phone and now I love this phone. Having access to all apps is a must for any phone and it was really easy with a little research. Thanks Amazon I am looking forward to your next phone. P.S. I took this phone to T-Mobile and the employees where impressed with the Dynamic perspective..and the price compared to what they had in stock.
Average The phone in general isn't bad especially when you add a sideloading application on the phone. What I do like about it. 1. The screen is quite clear 2. 3d is a nifty trick and hasn't so far induced any headaches 3. Speed of boot and shutdown are decent 4. Speaker and Mic are quite clear at least compared to my old Iphone 4 There are a few things that need to be worked on. 1. There needs to be a method by which one can control which apps can use data at what times. 2. There is a need to allow someone to alter the background of the phone in general 3. Find a way to allow apps that work on a typical android phones to work on this one (RedFin, some religious apps to name a few) 4. An easy way to alter the rings for individual workers 5. Get the dynamic lighting method to work. I don't thing any phone has got this to work, but it would be really nice. (this shouldn't be too hard with all of the spectrum sensors on this phone. Find the ratio between the highest light source that is visible and what the phone controller likes and use that ratio as a base for all external light sources. As new information is obtained, fit the information to some function that can define the screen brightness that is needed) Overall, it is something I can live with and not hate myself for having it.
Pretty good phone I like the phone a lot, and also the battery life is greatly improved because of the new update. That is another reason why I like this phone, amazon will continue to enhance this phones capabilities through constant updates, amazon cares about its customers. I also really like the features on this phone like dynamic perspective and firefly. I gave it 4 stars because the app store lacks some apps I really like on the iphone, but I like the amazon phone over my old iphone 4s.
Best Phone Ever To all those who don't like this phone, your idiots. It's not an iPhone and that's exactly why I bought it and love it. It's basically my kindle only smaller and I can put it in my pocket, and I make phone calls. I love how easy it is to use, I have access to all the apps from Amazon and if I wanted others I could get them. But the only apps I trust are the ones approved by Amazon. I had an iPhone and gave it away because of all the problems it gave me and the resolution it didn't have. Thank you Amazon for this incredible phone. I decided to add to my review. It's now May 10th and I've had time to learn a bit more about the phone and time to appreciate it even more and love the ease of use. I know some people complain about the flick of the wrist and no back button or swipe function but I've never had a problem with any of those functions and the firefly function is awesome, it outshines any of the apps I had on Apple, plus it doesn't have to be right in front of a speaker or have the volume at deafening sounds. I can't improve on the stars but I would if possible. Still love my fire phone.
I loved the phone however could not get service from at&t ... I loved the phone however could not get service from at&t locally because I purchased from Amazon. I spent over 5 days trying to receive calls and all they said was you have to wait, we can't help. I wish the phone was thru another service. I really loved the easy way the Fire phone could be set up.
I LOVE the fire phone I LOVE the fire phone.I v had it for 4days now and it makes all other phones seem boring.Ive read other reviews and don't see how people say it gets hot it gets alittle warm when charging but that's it.The screen is crystal clear and I don't strain my eyes reading it.When talking on it I have no problem hearing.The camera takes great picture.Love the carousel feature.The dynamic perspective is really fun.The apps are great.I found all the apps that I used on my old phone.The phone is definitely worth the money.Thanks Amazon for a great phone
Pretty Cool but not jumping iPhone ship yet. As a iPhone 5 owner I was craving a larger phone. I got this in spite of some of the poor reviews because as an IT specialist I know sometimes it's not always what it seems and was willing to try it out. I'll try not to compare to much but will still use my iPhone experiences as a base. Lengthy but here I go. For me the pros are; -Well obviously a large crisp screen. Slippery bugger so you will need a case. -The screen protector I got through Amazon doesn't affect the Dynamic Perspective at all, like I saw others said. -The 13 megapixel camera is amazing. I compared (though it's not fair true) to my iPhone 5 camera shots and well; I tossed out using my 5. 'Noisy/Grainy' photo quality, as said in Amazon's description, is so true. This quality is like looking at a magazine. -Speaking of magazine picture quality, if you do use the Kindle book app or the included Newsstand app for magazines as I do you will love the quality of what you see. Clear, crisp and simply beautiful. I have an iPad Air but sometimes I just want to whip out my phone instead of my iPad without sacrificing quality or clarity. - Video content playback is fairly quick to buffer. I have Verizon FIOS so whether I connect to my FIOS app to watch TV or connect to Netflix. No matter what Wifi I connect to. Again the quality, speed and sound is great. - Customizing the phone is a learning curve for an adamant iPhone user but once you learn it without comparing, it's easier. -Firefly and Dynamic Perspective are cool, nice niche but not exactly life changing. - I also put on AVG virus protection for me, a no brainer. Disappointments; - Battery life is not too great not at all the listed time they claim I timed my from full charge 12am to 12pm with minimal regular use no pictures or videos. I HAD to charge it. But compared to my iPhone I won't call it horrible. - App availability isn't the best. However, once I found the app to help install other Android apps that weren't in the list I was much happier. There are still a quite few fairly regularly used apps like banking, youTube, shopping ->(Macy's for ex. LOL) that don't work on the Fire and I can live with that for now. Hopefully as they do updates that will change. - Some missing features that are very helpful on any phone; making abbreviated shortcut for words or phrase. Fire's version is a Dictionary you add to; but that's a little cumbersome, you have to enter in the first few letters to get to what you added in the dictionary but it also shows you words it thinks you mean so you have to scroll to what you do me (just well type it sometimes). I only have full use of one hand so while having a dedicated button to take a picture is handy it be nicer if you could change in settings what the button does. In my case to choose for it to mute immediately would be nice. It takes a couple of steps as is. - Some way to manage your contacts better (i.e.make groups). I guess that would be more of a great app, that I haven't found for the Fire. - The Browser leaves a lot to be desired. I get they wanted their own but if you have an account with Google or Firefox that holds your current shortcuts(quite a lot for me). They need to let something else in like other OS phones. - Can not customize Calendar. I was able to import my Apple iCloud calendars and notes so the import brought in the different calendars created through my iPhone. I still can't use the Fire calendar to create anymore custom calendars. Though if I add to the Fire Calendar it updates in my iPhone iCloud. - Lastly, telling your phone what operation to do. Many phones have the capability to do so much more than just send a text or email. In my case again with limited mobility. Giving voice commands would be a great help. Overall I like the phone so I give it 4 stars cause I expect they will update the operating system to clean up some things like any other phone, but I haven't quite jumped iPhone ship yet. Maybe after September. We will see.
Love my Fire phone. I have had this phone for 5 days.I'm glad I did my research and didn't heed the advice of the nay sayers. This is the best smart phone I have owned. You can use Google and Gmail. You can not use the Google play store but the Amazon App store has apps galore. If there was some thing on Google you liked you will probably find some thing comparable. The camera takes crystal clear pictures even while you're moving. The designated camera button is a great feature, press once to activate the camera, long press to activate Firefly. This phone has a Fire os, so there is a bit of a learning curve but if you put some time and patience into it you will appreciate this phone. If you love Amazon you will like this phone. It has 32 gigs of memory. I have no problem with the length of battery charge or with it heating up. Being able to add a pic to your text just by flicking the phone to open the photo gallery is great. Getting a free year of Prime makes this phone an incredible deal. Now you can buy it unlocked so you can use it with an alternate carrier. I think the fact that Amazon is donating 1000 of these phones loaded with an Ebola app to Drs to help fight Ebola in W. Africa is amazing. The Fire is quick and responsive. The home button lets you use voice commands like search the web, open a text, make a call. I'm really pleased with this phone. This phone has a lot of features and I'm finding new ones every day.
Five Stars Very good phone and user friendly! Amazon rocks!!!
I really love this phone I really love this phone, just wish it had a slot for an sd card. Other than that it is great.1080 HD quality, 13 megapixel camera, Amazon Prime, and the live tech support right at the push of a button is unmatched in the cell phone industry!
great customer service Former iphone user I Will probably go back to iphone if Amazon does not get more useful apps I like this phone I have a kindle paper white a kindle fire and fire tv and of course Amazon prime after the price went down to 99 cent I used the May day and got a refund on price Amazon customer service is great
I like the phone I like the phone, but there's a few things I dont like. For example I dont like the camera button on the side of the phone. I am constantly taking picture that I don't need. Also im having a hard thing with getting connected to facebook and I dont want a lot of the icon thats already on the phone.
this review is intended for those of you who have not yet made the smart phone leap of faith i rarely write reviews, although i am a die hard amazon customer. this review is intended for those of you who have not yet made the smart phone leap of faith...do it with the fire phone! i have literally, as of two days ago, traded in my prepaid samsung for a fire phone. i am a very happy camper. although i am considered late to the smartphone party, waiting for the firephone was the right choice for me. as a kindle hdx user, the learning curve was nonexistent. to have all of my content, books, music, contacts, apps, photos,etc., instantly on my phone, without having to do, literally anything, was heaven. navigation through the features is very easy, and if you need help, mayday is at your fingertips. it simply does not get any easier. you can read about specs and technical stuff from the reviewers who know about this stuff. i can tell you that the ease of use, clarity of the sound and voice, as well as screen and camera is outstanding, from my perspective, at least. the only negative, which has been noted by others, is that the battery time seems short, so keep a charger handy. if you are considering a smartphone, for the first time, or trading in, consider the firephone first. user friendly in all reard, and amazon products have not disappointed this reviewer yet!
Fire Phone It is the first smart phone that I had that didn't make me feel like a totally idiot!!!! I love it.
I like my fire phone Personally, I like my fire phone. I don't understand all the negativity to a point. Yes it does have flaws, but for the 200 I am more than pleased. I had a flip phone and finally upgraded in November of 2014. During this time Amazon realized it's phone was bombing and dropped the unlocked price to 200 so I acted. I was in the market for something unlocked and pulled the trigger. My girlfriend has an iphone4 so that is my reference to smart phones. I have att with 4g and find the browser to work just fine, it seems to find and load videos much faster than friends with older generation galaxies and my aforementioned girlfriends phone. Amazon is behind in apps, but for me I haven't wanted a certain app and not been able to find it. I mostly use the mainstream apps so yeah take that for what it is worth. I also really love not having a flip phone so I could be biased. I am not picky. So pay attention if you are. The phone seems to try make itself one hand usable, but it's screen is slightly too big to make this practical for some. However it works for me. At first you will be trying to figure out what said shortcuts are. I did it through trial and error. Once I learned they felt very natural and worked for me. The issue is they have so many one person never uses them all. It is almost like you have 6 different options to perform any task which leads you to choosing you favorite. Variety is great, but often things will prompt or happen on the phone screen without intention. Plus you won't use and or discover different ways to use the phone months after using it. If you are easily bothered or picky you will hate this phone because of this. For an unlocked 200 dollar phone I am completely satisfied. I am sure that I have forgot many thoughts. Also I typed this review on my phone so noval writing is a possibility with the fire phone. If you have any questions I will try to answer as timely as I can @ techy0690@yahoo.com
My journey, from Apple, to Android to finally falling in love with my Fire Phone. I have owned them all, Samsung, Apple, LG, you name it I have owned it. I want to love my Fire phone so bad because you know what, I am an Amazon person. I want to own the products and be a part of it all. Well I had a Fire phone in May of 2015 and liked it, but did not love it. I decided to try a Galaxy Android phone and while good, it was very slow and just felt cheap to me. After that I got a great deal on an Apple iPhone 6s so I bought that. Was it good? Comon, of course it was good it was a 6s! Was it worth the $700, heck no! Not compared to the price point of other phones especially the Fire phone price. Well after 6 months of owning the iPhone 6s the breaking point was hearing how much the Apple CEO hated Christian people and tearing down everything I believe in. I decided to sell it and try a Fire phone once again. Well, after getting one on an online auction site we all know for only 70 bucks I AM SO HAPPY NOW! It is just so nice to have a cheaper phone that does everything my 6s did. Sure there is no app store for Apple but who cares. I SIDELOAD all my favorite stuff now and I am just happy. I suggest My wi fi and tethering connection is the same or better than my iphone, my internet surfing has the same speed but I have me an Amazon phone again!!!
Amazing and as easy as the iPhone to use except ... Amazing and as easy as the iPhone to use except with superior features. The firefly feature is fun, and the camera takes fabulous pictures and videos. Was going after the galaxy 5s until I saw the fires options in action the I was sold.
I'm giving this phone a 4 star because it does exactly what a good smart phone is supposed too Ok first off. I'm giving this phone a 4 star because it does exactly what a good smart phone is supposed too. 1. Great call quality 2. Texting is intuitive and easy to adapt 3. Screen quality great 4. Audio with headphones is outstanding All for .99 cents Now I'm always an early adapter so this review is based on the merits considering this is Amazon's first foray into the smart phone area. There is some bumps to overcome. First run products have their bugs and whoever jumped on the Fire Phone bandwagon should understand this and be open minded with their reviews. Amazon has the ability to address these bugs and upgrades with their software updates and even now they have addressed some of these. The most annoying thing to me is that Text notifications are only audible. No screen light up when you get one like you do when you get a call. Another is not being able to delete ALL call history or voice-mails at once. I'm confident that future updates will address these minor issues. Battery is not as bad as people are saying once you get passed the learning curve. (Battery usage is always gonna be horrible on a new phone in the first few weeks cause your constantly exploring it at first) Once you settle down to a normal usage routine, it's on par in most cases with the iPhones... in some cases better. And once you get used to the OS's navigation system (flip gestures, scrolling, tilt etc)... It's hard to go to another phone due to the fact it just feels right. 3D? Forget what people say. It's just plain cool to look at. Adds a personal touch to the phone. I personally will hang in there with this phone and plow through the bugs. I like it that much. So grab one... .99 cents! Nothing to loose and Free Prime to boot :)
Great mini-tablet with phone capabilities. The phone functions work very well. The rest of the functions work like my Kindle, so they sync well. I would add the "and" symbol to both keyboards. Not sure why it wasn't included. I already had a Kindle and the phone is so similar that the Kindle has become almost redundant.
I am not fond of cell phones I totally love this phone As a rule, I am not fond of cell phones I totally love this phone. It is simple to use, the features are easy to understand, and the display is awesome. It takes great photos and video. I'm very happy with it.
missed the mark Like others have said I really wanted to love my phone. For the first time I was buying the latest, newest gadget on the market. Alas, it's just okay. If you don't really use apps and are good with that then its a perfectly respectable phone. It makes calls, when you get used to certain things like the visual voicemail etc., then that stuff works fine. Firefly is cool. The camera/pictures are decent. But, if you actually use apps then you are probably going to be disappointed. Even something as basic as the Starbucks app is unavailable. There are other purchases I had been thinking of making i.e the Petcube, which is a interactive camera to use with your pets while away. Unfortunately anything that involves you going to Googleplay to download is not available for this phone. So you've basically sentenced yourself to not having access to a lot of what we expect from a Smartphone. I miss my basic menu button too. The phone isn't extremely intuitive. The bottom line is, if I was able to do it over again, I wouldn't get this phone. I am hoping Amazon is busy working on improving access to apps so the phone will be a whole heck of a lot more useful.
Totally meets my expectations, usage pattern, & needs No buyer's remorse for me - i still have a good feeling about it when i use, see or think about it. When the battery is being consumed too quickly, i go into Settings > Applications & Parental Controls > Manage applications> Filter by Running Services, click on unneeded non-critical apps that i may have started for a one-shot usage, and "Force Quit" them. Force quitting is "sticky" until you use the app again, and it persists across soft resets. I don't indiscriminately try and load apps - i have other things i need to do to be productive. I only use apps that are aligned w/ what i need, so not having the Android store, is not even close to a show stopper for me. With my iPhone, the Apple store, in retrospect was useful, i did download/install way more crap than i needed or used. I've learned to moderate and keep apps/software i install on all of my PC and device platforms to what's really useful & needed, even if the app is for pure entertainment or recreational value. Keeping my machines 'clean' helped w/ overall maintenance, security, and performance. My carrier for decades has been Cingular and AT&T so there's no issue w/ them being the sole carrier - besides they have a wireless network w/ more coverage than most and from what technical articles I've read, the only true 4G/LTE specs & performance at the moment. Since i was eligible for an AT&T phone upgrade, I opted for the 18-month AT&T Next installment plan upgrade, which costs sales tax upfront and about $30/mo. I have a grandfathered AT&T data unlimited plan for my iphone which i chose not to opt out of so i carried this forward. I have another AT&T phone line for laptop data unlimited which i will convert to a Mobile Share Value Plan w/ a MiFi AT&T Unity Pro) for other laptops & devices when mobile/traveling - I haven't committed to the tradeoffs on this one yet - unlimited data is hard to give up for metered usage plans. The Fire Phone doesn't run hot and isn't uncomfortably warm to hold when I'm either on the phone or skype cam for long periods, like some of my friends & family w/ Androids incessantly complain about. It's a great successor to my iPhone 4 w/ 32GB - I won't be looking into the iPhone 6 when it comes in - I did factor the advent of the iPhone 6 into my buying decision and am totally satisfied. I'm anticipating that updates will make the device even better for my needs than it already is. I sync the Fire Phone (and my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9) to my master database on my Windows Outlook calendar & contacts; I've been using Outlook since it beta'd so my calendar & contacts have evolved with me and is precious data. It easily sync'd my email for multiple accounts on various portals (gmail for both google personal & google business, Hotmail/EAS/Exchange, private/hosted SMTP servers) using POP3 and/or IMAP. Much easier than my new Macbook Pro 13.1" Retina is faring regarding sync - I'm struggling w/ Apple v. Microsoft's non-interoperability (sync'ing Outlook calendar & contacts) a bit and just subscribed to Exchange Online to hopefully solve this; perhaps this will also be of further benefit to the Fire Phone - we'll see, altho the Fire Phone doesn't need further 'help' sync'ing email, calendar, or contacts. The Fire Phone voice phone quality is better than my iPhone - more clarity, higher signal/noise ratio, better voice quality and intelligibility. After all, it wouldn't be much good if it weren't, as it is a phone. I have mobile devices & computers that are better suited to other activities benefiting from more power, a regular keyboard, and larger or multiple viewing displays. It fits in my hand and is suited to one-handed usage as per design - this is a big plus as more than half the time in use i hold it and can navigate much of it w/ one hand. More apps supporting the new gestures and movements will just improve the user experience - but these features aren't mission-critical, they're value-adds - so the adoption curve will take care of proliferating new feature support in due time. I kept my iPhone 4 for more than 3 years.. I can see using the Fire Phone for at least 2.. Time will tell how the Fire Phone evolves; I can only see it getting better and for me it's better than my iPhone 4 for starters so it's looking up from my usage pattern, vantage point & perspective.
There was not a better phone at that price I bought 2 Fire phones last Sept for $.99 each. There was not a better phone at that price, especially since I also got 2 more years of Prime included. The phone has been durable, reliable, fast, and is great for Prime music and video. If you want it to be an IPhone 6-it won't be. If you are a heavy Amazon user, then this phone is perfect. That is why it works for our family. If you have heavy investment in Itunes, then sticking with an IPhone is better. I hope Amazon doesn't give up on the phone market just yet as I am sure they could learn and fix the Fire phones shortcomings.
Love my fire phone. Love my fire phone😃 I got the 64 GB and my battery lasts longer than my last phone, an LG optimus. It's like having my kindle with me but better because it's also a phone now! The picture quality is amazing. Love my phone so I don't mind the 2 yr AT&T contract. It's worth it. If u love your kindle you will love this phone. All my ebooks and games are on it. Joy!
best phone I have used. I really love my Fire phone. I get annoyed that some of my favorite apps are not available, which costs it a star, but honestly, it is my favorite phone. I currently have a Samsung Note for work and my Fire phone is replacing an iPhone. So I have used a lot of phones. While the Fire phone seemed quirky at first, I really got it for testing as I am a front-end web developer. The thing is, the more I used it, the more I missed some of its basic features on my Note. The swipe back button, the dual side menus, the tilt scroll and the audio is fantastic. As someone with poor vision, I wish the Fire had the Note's screen size, but the current screen is big enough. Ultimately it is just the easiest phone I have ever used and when I see it I get excited to use it, even a month in. Fill the app store and that four star becomes a five star to me. But in terms of a phone I want to use, this is a winner.
Better than Siri? So far (a couple of weeks) I like it more and more ... a good trend! At first it seemed a bit of a disappointment, not particularly flashy looking or fast, but now I find it to be very appealing ... I love the aspect ratio (H x W) and the heft of this thing ... and the firefly feature (especially when it listens to my TV and gives me details) ... I also like the motion-activation features. One feature that doesn't appear to be discussed on Amazon (a search of comments found only one) or mentioned anywhere in the Amazon page on the phone is the Siri-like, Go Google-like feature of the front button ... if you press and hold the button it'll prompt you to say something like "Call Penelope" or "Find a local Indian restaurant" ... very cool! I do worry a bit about how warm it gets ... nothing kills electronics better than heat!
Wait for a subsequent version - if that! Nice-looking phone, syncs with your Amazon account, which is convenient. Takes decent photos. Dynamic perspective is gimmicky and not particularly useful, but fun. Can shop at the touch of a button, navigate with GPS, check various email accounts in a single inbox, stream videos and music, control your Fire TV (for Amazon videos, at least; not other apps), too name a few features... But rather glitchy. I have GPS turned off for all applications except for maps. I had adjusted the settings in the main settings. I went to use my camera and noticed the triangular icon that indicates your locator is on. It flickered on, but went off, which made me question whether it was on our not. I had to fiddle with the settings by going directly into the camera app, turn the locator on, then turn it off. Then I no longer saw the triangular icon. I use my phone for alarms. I have one set to ring Monday through Friday and I like to set the volume at the highest level. The alarm will ring nice and loud at first. But at some point, the volume drops to a lower setting without me changing it. I readjust and it'll happen again, invariably dropping to the same lower position. The phone displays bubbles notifying you the number of text messages, emails, or phone calls you missed/voice messages you have. They typically disappear once you check your messages/calls. Sometimes they don't. I had a missed call. I went to the call log and exit out of the application. The bubble remains indicating I have a missed call. Or I see the bubble telling me I have text messages. I see alerts that I don't need to read and I delete without reading. The phone still says I have unread messages. Even when I read the message, the bubble remains. I have to restart the phone to get rid of the bubble notifications. I've contacted Amazon for these problems. They can't explain then and their troubleshooting tricks are temporary fixes. They even had me back up my phone and reset to factory default settings. When I restored my data, not all my contacts were restored, but all of my text messages were. Also regarding text messages, there is a search function, but it only searches the body of the message. It would be handy if it could also search sender/recipient. Also, when I first got the phone, I connected it to my Wi-Fi. At first, it would reconnect automatically upon returning home. Now, I have to force it to connect. Strangely, it automatically connects to other Wi-Fi networks I set up. I was thinking it could be my home network that was the problem, except, all of the other devices (Amazon and other) instantly connect with no problems. I've also had a problem with the ringer: turning it to silent, only to find the sound back on without my undoing. Lastly, I sometimes can't unlock the phone. Pursuing the home key sometimes results in the screen blinking and slipping instantly back to sleep mode. This happens repeatedly until it finally works or when I reset it by depressing the top/power button. Sometimes it seems related to the angle with which I'm holding the phone. The phone generally does what it needs to do and performs many tasks, but it also needs work. Given the bugs, it wasn't worth the $200 price tag. Hopefully, the developers well improve it soon based on all the feedback. UPDATE: I think my issue with the volume may be attributed to an app I have downloaded on the phone. I have the app set to put the phone in energy-save mode when the battery reaches a certain point. Lowering the volume, it seems, helps save energy. That being said, I wish the volume controls were more easily accessible. The buttons on the side of the phone control the ringer and media volumes. But when does it control which? Good question. I find it's not consistent. Sometimes when on the home screen, it will change the ringer or the media. Sometimes when I'm trying to change the media volume, I end up adjusting the ringer. Alternatively, sometimes I wish I could access ringer volum and the media volume appears on screen. Then there's the issue of it would be helpful to allow the user to adjust the volume from the Quick Actions panel as you can do with the screen brightness. And now a new issue: there's a ringer option to silence the phone for three hours, then it reverts to audible on its own. Previously, I would select this option and immediately see the counter count down. Now, it doesn't seem to count down. I'm not even sure if it turns off after three hours now. One positive thing I have to say is my phone seems to not consume as much power as quickly as it did. I feel that the battery lasts longer when I use it for a variety of tasks, be they to surf the Internet, check email, play a game... Perhaps one of the updates pushed out to the phone addressed this issue, I don't know, but I'm happy that I don't feel compelled to bring my charger with me anymore! Another UPDATE: the Fire phone was my first smartphone and I had nothing to compare it to. Having acquired a work cellphone of one of the mainstream varieties, I have experienced how deficient the Fire phone is in comparison, especially with regard to sound quality. The speaker is terrible in comparison to my work phone as the volume doesn't get sufficiently loud. I've had my number for many years, but only recently started to receive spam text messages. The Fire phone has no capability of blocking texts, like other phones can do. The alternative is to subscribe to a service from AT&T. I don't want to pay to block texts since I'm on a plan with unlimited messages. I downloaded an app, which isn't working, so I have to deal with the inconvenience for the time being. That is, until I find an effective app or get a different phone. And lastly, many times the phone has failed me when I was unable to answer/reject calls or unlock the phone because the screen was unresponsive. I think these last points warrant a change of rating from three to two stars. Update: I have since upgraded my phone to another brand. The Fire was my personal cell for one year and 10 months. I realize I was very unhappy with my phone because several months before retiring it, I began using my work cell as my go-to phone as it preformed the main functions better. Now that I've gotten a new phone, i rarely use my work cell and my personal cell has once again become my principal line. What I will say about the Fire on positive note, now that I have better points of reference to other phones, is that the Fire has a superior camera. The quality of faraway objects that you zoom into are way clearer than my new phone, which takes excellent close-ups. The microphone was quite good on the Fire, as well. And I'm not an app connoisseur, so I don't know if comparable apps exist, but the Firefly app was a nice feature that I'm sorry to not take advantage of - being able to have Firefly identify songs, shows, or objects was a fun tool.
Great phone. I have been using this phone for 4 days and as a long time Android cell user - I am enjoying it. I have had no problems with the phone. If you are considering this phone - do your research first . I bought this when it became discounted. I very much like and use Amazon Prime and this comes with 1 year of Prime. If you an experienced user of Apple or Android phones and not use to changes - you will probably have problems adapting to the Amazon OS or ecosystem. If you are familiar with the Kindle Fire tablets you will probably enjoy the Fire phone. If you are use to Kindle tablets , you should already know that there is no Google Play store on the phone just the Amazon App store. Perspective view with multiple front cameras is a nice feature. Time will tell if one will get bored with it. Battery life appears to be normal for this type of phone. It will need to be charged at least once every day. Complaints: 1) Apparently no actual "back" button. Swiping up can only go so far. 2) Some aps that run on the Kindle HDX tablets are not available for the Phone even though the hardware is the same. Wishes: 1) a true "Back" key 2) longer battery life 3) slightly bigger screen
pleased with phone I'm enjoying the fire phone. I'm a amazon customer which means I have kindle books, amazon prime, and so having everything in one place is ideal for me. I see where improvements can be made like the songs on the music. App are very sensitive, you are in a's one minute the next in w's. I needed a new phone because with every update on my iphone, I lost another function. I'm very pleased with the phone and See with updates it can become even better. As for as being warm to touch my iPhone was the same way, so I'm not sure about that issue.
I can now say I love the Fire phone I've had the Fire Phone for about two weeks now and just got the latest 3.5.1 update. With that latest update, I can now say I love the Fire phone. I've had an iPhone for the last 6 years and was getting pretty bored with iOS. The Dynamic Perspective really intrigued me and I actually really like it. There's a little learning curve, but if you follow the tutorial that comes with the phone, you can learn it pretty easily. The FireFly feature is most useful to identify music for me. I know Shazam does the same thing, but being able to hit a button and click the music icon on the screen is very useful to me. I've been able to load most of the apps I use on a daily basis with no problems. You can side load a bunch of other apps not available on the Amazon store. There are a few that I miss, but I haven't found that to be a problem. There are some free games that utilize the Dynamic Perspective that are very fun to play - much more than games available on iOS. The best part of the phone is the integration with Prime - I've switched all of my iTunes music over to Amazon Music and have bought a few albums from my phone. The sound from the included headphones is amazing. I've watched some movie and ready some books - all synced to my Kindle Fire HDX and the movies with my Fire TV. Research the phone and know what you are buying. I was already a Prime member and on ATT. It was a great purchase for me and I would highly recommend it.
Love this Phone UPDATES BELOW!!!!!!!!! I couldn't wait for this phone to come out. I absolutely love the phone. It has a lot of very cool features and does stand out from the other phones. It was definitely worth the wait. I feel that the Fire phone is easy to use, especially for people that have little to no experience with smartphones. Myself included. I had been dragging my heels on upgrading my phone to a smartphone. The other phones everyone has. I wanted something different. When AT&T finally had the phone I went in to look and that was it. I had to have it. There are a couple of things that I think need adjusting before the next generation of these phones comes out. Reading some of the other reviews, I realized on some of the issues I'm not crazy. 1- The phone gets very hot. Not warm...HOT. It feels like it's going to melt or explode. My phone spends some time in speaker mode. The phone does cool down pretty quickly if you set it aside for a few minutes. 2- The battery doesn't last. I have had to charge the phone almost every day since I got it. Not a super huge deal but a bit annoying. Going to purchase a second charger incase I forget to charge before work. 3- The status bar doesn't appear at the top. You have to tilt the phone to see it. I have not used Mayday yet. I am still exploring the phone. So I will be updating my review as I find more loves and dislikes. The screen resolution is amazing. Very very clear picture. I love the size of the phone. There is a good seleection of apps. They have something for everyone. I found a coin collecting app. It's a fun phone. ************************************************************************************************************************* UPDATE I got some really helpful tips for all of the issues I was having with my phone. See the comments below. They seemed to work.
I do like s phone I do like this phone. I've had it a couple months now. I don't like: I hate the Amazon app store, limited apps is turning out to be an issue. The dumb camera button is in the worst place. I'm constantly accidentally clicking it. Can't edit carousel to keep certain apps off of it permanently. I.e. Browser history is right there all the time Wish I could personalize it a bit more, fonts, bg color/photo, etc Seems a bit heavy Non Amazon screen protectors kept me from being able to answer calls if they cover any of the four front cameras. Did I mention I hate the limited app store? I love! The cohesion with my Amazon prime acct! Shopping, tracking, updates, all work very well together I absolutely have fallen in love with the lack of a back button! You swipe up from button of screen, to go back, awkward at first, now feels natural It's very pretty, especially 3d graphics, impressive Battery has actually done very very well for me and I'm a heavy user. Better than any phone I've had before. Deff better than my bf galaxy s4 overall, I don't regret the purchase and I only miss having a real appstore
I love and hate every thing about it. I got this phone becAuse I'm a huge Amazon shopper. I love the features it has and its easy user friendly interface and the built in Amazon apps. But the phone makes me hate it. I've had it since the week it came out, was shopping for a new phone at the time and saw this and was like yes! This is for me. Aside from the fact that it has hardly any apps because it is fire os based and not Android, the phone itself just has clunky issues that have not been resolved the two years I've had it. Every day it randomly resets itself. During that process, it vibrates furiously for a solid minute. The music player would stop randomly after one song or fifty and I would have to go back start it up again. The battery life has drained like no phone I've ever had. Now, if it hits less than 40% then it just starts resetting itself until it dies or I plug it in and reboot it, which then tells me it has 50% battery. Then why the hell did it shut off? Camera is great but videos are recorded in some absurd format so I can't upload or send them anywhere. But the quality is excellent. Often I won't be able to change the media volume and phone volume without exiting all apps and then adjusting physical phone volume or vice versa. Some times Ive even had to reset the phone just to get the option to represent itself. Honestly, this is a basic smart phone and I love it for that. I love the features it comes with and Amazon's intuitive way of rapping all of their components into this phone rock but the phone itself has so many minor issues that happen daily th at after two years of use, I'm just done. It's just so irritating because after two years, the issues persist. Still half of the popular apps I'd like to have don't exist for fire os. I really don't want to get rid of this phone cAuse I'm how attached I am to Amazon, but I just can't put up with these frustrations every day. Ive hung on a long time AmaZon, but i just can't go on much longer. Please don't make me get a new phone AmaZon! Overall, don't get this phone unless you're a die hard AmaZon fan. Otherwise, the frustrations will have you swapping for an iPhone in a couple months.
I love this phone I don't understand why there is so many negative reviews for this phone. I love this phone. I would buy it for my family and friends. It is so easy to use, has loads of features. I love the Firefly, especially when I am in my car listening to a song and it doesn't list it depending on the station. It has recognized the songs every time. This is easily the best phone I have ever used. I don't ever want to change back. The camera is amazing. So many apps and many that are not available on other phones. I have not found a single game or app that I used on my old smartphone that has not been available on this one. Plus the benefit of a new app being available for free each day is wonderful. Love, love, love, this phone.
It is a good phone but... its not without its own issues. I got mine on thursday from my pre-order with at&t. For non kindle fire owners, the phone will have a learning curve. Heck, I own a kindle reader, 2 Fires and 2 Fire HDs and a fire tv and there were spots that tripped me up at the start.I only have 2 real complaints with the phone. First off is the camera button. For my hand, I am all the time hitting that darn button, when I am picking it up or even holding it. I am hoping a case (which I have on order) will help with that some. I bought my wife a fire phone as well and her case does seem to help make it a little harder to accidentally hit it. My second gripe is the battery life. My phone is currently on its third charging cycle as I write this so hopefully after a few more it will get better. My first charge went from 100% to 25% within about 6 hours. Most of that was just playing with the phone, going through menus, sending a few texts. A couple minutes make on video and music. At the time of the 2nd charge, the system was the top user of battery life followed by the screen. My second charge, I took it off the charger and let it sit for 12 hours doing nothing but being a phone. No calls, no texts, nothing. It lost only 2% battery life and that is with wifi on. With light use over the next several hours, sending some texts, a couple of games that were played about 5 minutes each, some navigation through settings and a couple web searches and I went to bed with 68% battery life. Over the course of today, very light use, a few texts and I was down to 56% battery life. At 56%, I loaded up plex and watched a 40 minute tv show from my server using the phones speakers set to about half volume. Checkinig it afterwards, I was down to 35%. I fired up netflix and started watching Deep space 9 (using the included headphones at even less volume) and was about 30 minutes into it when I got a popup that I was at 14% battery life. Again, the number one battery hog was system followed by screen. And FYI, screen is set to auto brightness and is somewhere around 10-15% less on the system battery report. My media watching took up less than 10% of the battery (not including screen use). So far, the phone in standby mode uses very little power and could easily go several days if no texts or calls received. It seems once you wake it up, the system is chewing up the battery like butter. I can only hope that this can be addressed with a software update. With the above said, I really do like the rest of the phone. I am coming from a windows phone and my wife is coming from an android phone however I did all the work on her phone so I had gotten used to android as well. I also want to state that my household basically is an amazon household. 90% of our orders are from amazon ( get packages weekly) and I have been a prime member for many years. So with that said, I figured at the announcement that I would like the phone as I am deep into the amazon eco system. I do have complaints about all my amazon devices, none of them are perfect but the pros far outweigh the cons. I like the dynamic perspective on the fire phone. Is it gimmicky? Yes, but it has its uses. the biggest use of it is decluttering your screen. Even if its just a couple lines, it keeps things off it till you tilt it. I actually like that feature and I am glad to have it.Further development should provide some interesting and fun stuff! Gesture control is fine and can be a little troublesome at times but once you get the hang of it, its not to bad. Amazon considers it a key feature for the phone but I don't. Again, its nice for some things but a swipe is almost as easy. I am glad its there but it isnt the thing that made me say I want this phone. Firefly works pretty dang well. I have had it post the wrong item a few times but it gets most of them right. Its ability to tell you what tv show or movie you are watching on the tv is amazing. It never seems to take more than 5 words being spoken on the screen and bam, it has what you are watching on its screen. Its almost eerie in how well it works. The things I like about the phone are the little things. Quick replies to texts, adding a photo to a text, and a bunch of others. That 3 panel system for the screen really adds tons of value to this phone. I hope developers embrace that and really take advantage of it. Some people have complained out the weight of the phone, its 5.5 OUNCES. Get a grip people, its not like that is heavy. The phone feels solid and well built, I will give them that. Coming from the phones that my wife and I had, it is much slimmer and weighs less. Overall I am very pleased with the phone. I do think the price is to high for it, This really should have been a $300-$400 phone. but that is the price we pay for being the first to get these phones. I would say to all the folks out there, if you are a big amazon consumer, this phone may be for you. If you are not, then there are plenty of other choices out there. I think its a good first phone for amazon, Here is hoping version 2 comes when it comes time for a new upgrade for me! Update to my review: I keep its rating the same but I just wanted to mention the camera. It is great and horrible at the same time. I am going to include 2 pictures in here so you can see why I love and hate the camera. At least on the current version of the os which is the release os. The problem is shutter speed. It is a slow camera as other reviewers have said. How slow do you ask. This first picture is of my two dogs. Notice the dog laying still and the how great her part of the photo turned out. My other dog was standing still but started to move as I took the picture. Look how blurry he is. I hate to say it, but I have seen throw away cameras take better moving shots. https://www.amazon.com/clouddrive/share?s=py4TstutQtgh_8hf5wEKKg This next picture is of our cat laying on my wifes lap asleep. No zoom, she was that close to him when she snapped the picture. https://www.amazon.com/clouddrive/share?s=eCAiEBOURQgomZOvQ8CS2M Now, with that said. I want to point out that I take terrible photos or at least I used to. I have a very unsteady hand when it comes to cameras and I think this camera compensates for me beautifully. I can only hope that the new update due out in a few weeks adds the ability to have a faster shutter speed on this camera.
Stop the abuse and fraud! Wasn't really interested in swapping apple for this yet even though I have a Kindle Fire HD, and normally I would feel guilty rating something iIhad not bought but the clowns who made it impossible to use the rating system to help judge the product changed my mine. Amazon you need to delete the form letter 1 star reviews. It's not censorship to keep people from screwing the system anymore than it is to stop voter fraud. It's an extreme disservice to your customer's to allow the system to be abused.
Great phone for $109.99 As an Amazon only device I give the phone a two star rating. It's far too limiting. Why couldn't they find some way to incorporate Google apps by default? Luckily it's easy to side load all things Google including the Play store. I'm using Nova launcher and still have all the speed and stability of Fire OS. 5 minutes of reading and 10 minutes of doing makes this phone amazing and super versatile
It was really easy to get used to I've had my phone a week and a half. It was really easy to get used to. It's ease of use is something I've come to expect from Amazon tech. They didn't let me down. I love my phone!!
This phone is absolutely amazing. It is faster than my previous phones This phone is absolutely amazing. It is faster than my previous phones. the call quality is above average and screen is great for watching movies or videos. I was skeptical at first but I am glad I got one.
Hate this phone Love Amazon gadgets. I have an original Fire Kindle and various e-readers.I have ordered the latest e-reader but regret the day I spontaneously ordered this phone. It is difficult to navigate. It lacks access the Google play store thus I can not get many favorite apps. Am locked into a two year contract with AT&T but am counting down the days when I can return to a current Galaxy model of phone.
Fire+Amazon Customer Service = You cannot go wrong This is my 4th cell phone; 2nd smart phone. I've had verizon prepaid for a kryocea and LG flip. Went to a nokia windows phone with t-mobile, and now have the Fire with ATT. I typically don't buy the first model of anything, but I did this time. What sold me is Amazon customer service; it cannot be beat. Also I have had numerous Kindles (give them as gifts) without any issues. Honestly, I haven't taken the time to explore all of the features, but I'll get there eventually. I'm looking forward for some more slick games that take advantage of the dynamic perspective. Only issue I have with phone was random (two occasions) rapid battery discharge, and customer service has resolved that issue. With the new 0.99 price, year of prime, and support - I'd highly recommend the phone if you're like me and just getting into the smart phone market.
Happy with Fire Phone After First 90 Days I've been using the Amazon Fire Phone for about 90 days now, and am very pleased overall with the switch from the iPhone. On the plus side, the battery charges very quickly and maintains its charge well, the sound quality of calls is very good, and all of the pre-loaded apps (navigation, alarms, mail, texting, silk browser, access to Amazon, etc. work as advertised.). I am especially pleased with the camera's picture quality and that the images very quickly appear on my Kindle Fire HD. Firefly is very handy and works well! The app store isn't as extensive as Apple's, but it has everything I need, and if you have apps on your Kindle Fire, they load onto your phone with no hassle at all (as do your books) and you can pick and choose which apps to use on the handset as well as purchase apps specifically for the phone. Personally, I frequently use Pandora and Soma FM and the sound quality of the music through the headphones is terrific. I'd also like to compliment whoever designed the phone's packaging. My wife and I were very impressed with the simple, yet elegant box the phone came in. There are a couple of improvements I'd like to see made in a future software update. Firstly, I'd prefer that blocked numbers are simply stored somewhere in the phone's memory rather than in the contacts file. I'd also like those numbers to be completely rejected rather than automatically directed to voice mail. secondly, I would also like to see a native way to tether the phone to my Kindle Fire so that I can respond to and send texts while using the tablet. Currently I use the Tablet Talk app to work around this limitation, but it's often balky and I'd much rather see that capability built into the phone and its tablet cousin. Overall, I am very satisfied with the Fire Phone and would recommend it to anyone, especially those who already use the Kindle tablet devices, and I'm looking forward to seeing what improvements Amazon makes to the phone in the future.
I am an Amazon Junkie so love it, but be clear on the features if your not So far I really do like the phone. The lack of apps you already have on Google Play can be an issue if your an Android user (I miss my Noom). I've seen a lot of people complain about battery life, and I can say, if you leave Bluetooth on it is pretty bad, but once I only turned it on when I was using it the life went way up (it is 3.0). I love Firefly, but got to be honest, if Amazon doesn't make that available to all platforms it would be a huge mistake, so it probably isn't something worth buying the phone for. The integration with Fire TV is awesome. The speaker volume is horrible though, also I am not sure if the cover makes it worse. Also odd thing I noted. I use an AUX cable rather than Bluetooth in car. Every other Android when I did this, would turn on my mic and play the person through my speakers, it did not seem to do this. The sound was way better than my Samsung Galaxy III for music not even close so I was happy about that. Charge time was great. The swiping in the interface is great, the twist is good, but the tilt left right isn't as intuitive or as universal to be viable yet. Overall, I am someone majorly hooked into Amazon (I have all my music there like 3 songs at iTunes and like 90% of my video purchases are there and like 10% on Xbox). So it is a great phone for me ... may not be for everyone, but I think people are being overly harsh on a first generation phone in some reviews. If we could just come out with a fitness watch or band that works with this and an arm exercise strap it would be so much more useful for me. **** UPDATE 10-10-14 **** Battery is now fantastic not sure what they did, but I use the sync with Fire TV, and even this doesn't drain the battery any more. I still wish I had access to several of the apps which seem to be on Google Play only, but oh well. Again Battery Issues Are Solved!
I was pretty excited to hear that Amazon was getting into the ... I picked up the Fire Phone about four days ago. It replaces an iPhone 4, which replaced a Samsung Galaxy, which replaced a Nokia e-62 (go ahead and look it up... I'll wait). Okay, if you are done laughing, here goes: I was pretty excited to hear that Amazon was getting into the cell phone market, but I had a about a year left on my iPhone contract. No big deal. I waited to see what the reviews looked like a few months along. Once upon a time, I sold cell phones. One thing that you learn is that it is difficult to judge a new phone in the first 24-48 hours. Give it a few weeks and you will find all of the bugs and annoyances. So.... Thanks to everyone who took the plunge before me. This is a standard and (so far) very reliable smart phone. I like the camera option that allows you to pick the best lighting for pictures. (It's almost like cheating.) The year of free Prime almost makes it all worth it. I already got the case with free shipping at a third of the price from AT&T. (Pro-tip: phone cases wholesale around $3-$6.) It's also the right size. My old phones did not have a big enough display, but I didn't want a phone that might as well be a tablet. (I already have a Kindle.) The weekday and weekend alarm option is a nice little feature. The Firefly feature seems to work fine on QR codes, but it will also look at an item to see if it is available on Amazon. To nitpick: I wish the books app would give you separate options to view the books stored on the device and the ones that only live in the Cloud. The phone is designed to push you toward buying stuff from Amazon, but that's not surprising since it is an Amazon product and all... The biggest knock on the phone seems to be that the navigation is not "intuitive." I translate that to mean, "It doesn't work just like an iPhone." If you have a Kindle Fire, this works very similarly. You just have to play around with it a little bit. Use this for a few months and suddenly the iPhone navigation is not "intuitive." In fact the AT&T sales rep was not ready to sell me the Fire until I explained that I also have a Kindle and I read all of the reviews. (It's funny how I didn't get the same reaction when I changed from the Samsung to the iPhone.) In the end, this is a solid phone that doesn't offer anything "new." But ultimately, we have already created a device that puts the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to shame. I would really like to know what else people expect us to cram into a "phone."
you will not be completely happy with this phone I bought the new fire phone when it first came out. I am doing a review today because I am so dissapointed that I spent so much money to purchase this phone and it has such limited capabilities. Unless you are a prime user and are only interested in Amazon products, you will not be completely happy with this phone. I give three stars because I do like a few features on this phone. Mostly, I am dissapointed that I cannot download apps that I need and love.
love it!! Exceptional phone! Love Amazon!! Always updating my original kindle fire. I like the firefly and dynamic perspective. Pictures taken with camera are very vivid and love the panoramic function. Best phone I have ever hsd. Highly recommend it!!
Awesome phone I just got my fire phone on Friday! I was so excited to try it out and excited to switch from my iPhone! I must say so far I love this phone. Like any new phone you need to spend some time with it and figure things out. When I was looking at a friend's Facebook photo I couldn't find a back button so had to use the home button.since than I found the back button.you just swipe up on the bottom of the screen. I love texting with this phone and am able to text much faster than on my iPhone,also auto correct works much better! There's also a dictionary in which tostore your own words that aren't in the fire dictionary! I love the lock screen pictures as they are meant to work with the dynamic perspective. I have taken numerous pictures and the quality is very good and very easy to share.the monkey buddy is so cute.I guess it's a game and I love it.the phone is well made and browsing is fast! All my books and music are right there in a touch! Navigation on the fire phone is really very simple once you get the hang of it.the battery does drain fast..I let it totally drain this morning....And am charging it right now..my iPhone did that too and draining the battery fixed that issue. Other reviewers said the phone gets hot well mine doesn't get any hotter than my iPhone ever did! UpPersonally I love this phone way better than the iPhone.so glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews and went ahead and purchased.I know amazon will fix any issues with it through updates! Awesome phone and everything seems to work very well.Also I recommend downloading AVG antivirus pro it is made for fire phone and it's free.it includes a task killer,has a power save tool and also has a built-in call blocker,which many people complained that you couldn't block calls with the fire phone.update: after totally discharging the battery and than recharging the battery to 100 percent I left it mostly idle did like 5 text the battery is at 81 percent after only 3 hours! So the battery is very sadly lacking in energy. Had I gone online it would most likely be on the charger again. Maybe that's why the power charger is so long so u can surf with it plugged in! Nothing worse on a smart phone than a battery drains to quickly. I never talked on the phone are went on the internet and this is how fast the battery drained! Hopefully amazon will fix this issue or whole lot of phones may need to be returned.
My husband loves it =) My device reviews are normally pretty technical- but I can't do that here. I bought this as an early bday gift for my husband. He had his previous phone (htc inspire) for years and it was cumpling befor my eyes. My husband is very much the 'if it ain't broke' type... except he's more like, 'if it ain't broke enough'. So when his nexus tablet bit the dust after a fall onto a hard floor I started looking for something that could give him the same function as tablet and phone in a closs to phone size (he doesn't like galaxys, which are my own preference). This popped up in an email with a free year of prime and looked like it would fit the bill. It does =) With prime he can watch shows and movies with it, plus the unlimited music streaming. The speakers aren't great but the included ear buds are amazing. He said it sounds like he's in a movie theater it's so crisp and clear. He loves the amazon appstore free app of the days and that's easily accessible on the phone. We had a worry spot because we use google calendar (with two boys with a genetic disorder we have to have their myriad appts straight), but we were able to find a calendar that synced to google, so crisis abated. His one complaint is there is no camera app. He doesn't always remember the camera button- but that will just take acclimation. I've played with it a bit and admit this phone would not be my personal choice. There are too many limitations and I've always felt that the Amazon version of android was barely android. However, for someone like my husband this phone is nearly perfect. It gives him all the easy functionality of media, camera (13mp) and basic web surfing without much hassle.
First Time Smartphone User very satisfied. I am a first time Smartphone owner/user. This phone does everything I want it to do. I am able to make calls, receive texts and e-mails. The phone seamlessly integrates with my kindle books and audiobooks. While I have yet to use the "Firefly" feature for anything more than song identification I can see it as being beneficial down the line.
I love Amazon, I have two Kindles and I have ... I am an Apple Fangirl. I have had iPhones since the beginning. But, I love Amazon, I have two Kindles and I have a huge video collection on my Amazon account. I just wanted to see if this phone was any good. I have not been disappointed. The cameras are great, they take great quality photos. The Dynamic Perspective is a really cool feature, as is Firefly. The app store is a little lacking, but it had all of the apps I use on a daily basis. The version of Siri is also wonderful, she is much better at voice recognition than Apple. I use it to text frequently. I am all and all happy with this phone.
Very Happy. I have had my Amazon Fire phone for a month now. I was a little apprehensive about getting it after reading the reviews. I am very pleased with the product. It does everything that I want it to and while the apps are limited, I have access to several that apply to me. It is nice to travel and/or to to appointments with one device and have access to my books and everything else that I might need. The only problem I have had to date is trying to figure out how to get the back lens of the camera to work.
Love my Fire phone My wife and I recently got new Fire phones on the same day. We both needed new phones and went with the two year contract so it was a good price! We were a little apprehensive with the mixed reviews out there, but we've had them a few weeks now and love them! We shop on Amazon fairly frequently and have quite a music collection. We also have Kindle and Kindle Fire. This is the first time we are Prime customers, and that has been a pleasant experience. It is great to have all that sync together on our phones, other devices, TV, and online! It is also neat that we can see each other's photos in the cloud. The phone itself is stylish and sleek. So far no problems at all. As it is now, great purchase!
It was a bargain. Still rockin' a Fire Phone. $199 with a year of Prime was a steal. Too cheap to buy anything else right now. This phone has served me well. Wish I could find another one to use as a video player in the minivan.
Great phone, great price, nice to have Prime. Cutting the "i" tether. I'm very happy with my new Amazon Fire Phone, with 64GB. The phone is sleek, very easy to set up and use. The camera functions beautifully. I'm a long time Apple iPhone owner, and I'm thrilled to have finally cut loose from such an expensive phone. With the year of Prime added to my current membership, the savings is already incredible. And considering that I can trade in the iPhone right here on Amazon for a hefty amount....well that's just icing on the cake. Pros: Sleek and clean style Easy to set up Very cost efficient for me Has everything that I need in a Smart phone Cons: I don't have access to a kazillion apps like I did on the iPhone. Oh yeah, I downloaded or purchased so many apps and use less than a 1/4 of the apps on the iPhone. Won't have my phone syncing to my iPad anymore. Well I do love my Kindle Fire HD. Give Amazon a chance, people, and stop throwing away your money on the next best thing. The iPhone 6+ is undoubtedly a great phone, and my AT&T store was packed today with people struggling to pay bills but determined to spend $300-$500 on that new phone. And while the plus has a great battery life and nice camera features (not found on the 6 by the way), I'm pretty sure it won't fit in my pockets or purse. I could perhaps look for an armband, but then I'd have to build up my biceps. Hey this Amazon Fire Phone is great!
It is the worst phone I have used It is the worst phone I have used. Sometime it could not receive a call without any sign though its signal bar are full. I need power cycle it then it works. In some wifi site, others brand phone could find certain wifi signal,however this phone cannot. I fell its wifi does not include certain frequency of wifi. Third, the phone likes to stuck when i try to receive a call when i browsing website. When it happen, i need power cycle it. It is the worst phone since its mobile function is not work as normal. It is a nightmare for me.
Former Nokia, and Samsung owner. I really like this phone. It is very user friendly and the graphics are very nice. Firefly is a neat option to finding a pen. I would give it 5 stars other than the fact of battery life is bad (graphics ?) and WiFi is slow at home. Some tweaks are needed.
Fire may not be the best, but it does the best for me... I have had better phones and the one I replaced was by far inferior to the Fire. I understand the frustration with not having certain Apps from the Google and Android Libraries, however, like the Soldier I was all my adult life I have adapted and drive on. I find my new phone to be more and more user friendly as I get to understand it, use it and just explore the variances from this platform to others. Of course ALL phones have room for improvement, but I would rather have a phone that is not too overloaded than one that is far too short on functions. I personally like my Fire and I would recommend it to anyone if they want to try something new and different. If you are one of those Blackberry faithful or only like the Samsung Galaxy it is not for you. However, I still have an iPhone and I use both with equal confidence and enjoy them for what each offers. This is the first attempt and those always have some shortfalls, however, I like jumping in where others may fear to tread. That is why I was in the SF and Infantry not the Finance Office and Mess Hall. But hey, that is me. I like mine, you try it if you want and you decide. Until next time, I hope my objective point of view helps and not hinders anyone's decision to buy this phone or no. I like mine, perhaps you will too or not. But that is for you to decide. Thank you. SGM Daniel Diaz, USA, ret.
The Fire phone is so easy to use and it does everything I need it ... Got this phone a little over a month ago, switching from an iPhone, and I do not regret it at all. The Fire phone is so easy to use and it does everything I need it to do. The voice calls are super loud, as is the ringer. I have no complaints at all.
This phone, perhaps, was ahead of its time in many ways..... Let me just say that we own two of these phones, and I was planning on buying a third for my younger son in a year or so. I absolutely LOVE this phone. It works great. It interfaces easily with our fire TV - I love that all my pictures flawlessly sinc and show up on all my amazon devices, including the fire tv. I think the picture quality is awesome - could perform better in low lighting though. I had no problem side-loading google playstore, which makes it hands down better than the iPhone. Most of all, I loved that the unlocked version gave me the ability to use Walmart family plan. Luckily coverage works well in my area. Such an awesome screen, too. I love watching videos and playing games on it. The sound quality is great. The interface took some getting used to, but I actually like it better - I am so used to swiping up from the bottom now to go back, that I find it "odd" to use a back button on my ipad. This phone is quite literally a mini kindle with the ability to text and make calls - but the screen quality is the best ever so far on any device I've seen (have used Samsung tablets, nooks, kindles, and ipads). Prime music is a great bonus, as well as access to the numerous books and videos. The battery quality seems similar to many other smart phones - I have owned iphones and other android smart phones - about the same as all of those. Also, the parental controls, to me, appear to be the best out there on any smartphone in the extensive, frustrating research I did earlier this year. (did a lot of researching in smart phones and ability to block internet, adult content, etc: - this phone actually was the best for that and really easy to do - researched samsung, iPhone (this is good too but more expensive for phone and phone plan than amazon), kajeet phones, windows phone, android phones with google) In all honesty, I think this phone was ahead of its time and not warmly embraced, because it's different. From seeing the negative reviews, there are numerous complaints about not having google. That actually can be side-loaded, no root required. I searched for the way to do it on this website - in other customer reviews. Perhaps, ideally, if the fire phone would just give everyone the basics they are used to in android smartphones (google apps) plus all their innovative technology (love the dynamic perspective and firefly is cool - perhaps expanded upon), this probably would be everyone's favorite, especially at an affordable price unlocked. That way what we are used to can be combined with embracing the new. Please amazon do no ditch this phone. Love it and want to see a fire phone 2.
good for processing and picture taking, not much else I have had this phone for a few months now. Its running speed is sufficient and its screen clarity is great. So, for taking pictures and receiving data quickly, this is a nice phone. However, it prevents me from downloading some applications that I use everyday. For instance, my bank's mobile website cannot be accessed on this. Nor can adobe aire be downloaded to engage in online classrooms that I am enrolled in. Those are two of several I have discovered are not yet compatible with the Amazon Fire. I was really excited about this phone, but I am further and further disappointed as time goes on. The Fire phone defaults to saying the app will be available soon, and I understand that it is a prototype for Amazon. But it has been what I believe is a reasonable period of time to acquire licensing for apps, especially one such as Adobe Aire, a very popular student download. Anyway, I hope the next phone they put out is twice a good, and allows as many apps as iphone or Galaxy etc permit.
I really like this phone I really like this phone. It would be perfect if it was compatible with the most popular apps, if simple features like redial & smiley faces were one click and not an app, if the apps that are compatible actually worked. There's more about the phone that I like than I dislike & I like it more than my previous phone.
Great phone and features This is a great phone. Very easy to use and works seamlessly with Amazon content and other features. I am an AT&T user which made this an easy buy (note: the phone is clean from other "useless" AT&T apps that often clutter other smart phones). The user interface is spectacular and the one hand navigation is intuitive and easy to use. The number of negative reviews is surprising and not representative of my experience (former GS4 user). If you're looking for a new smart phone are are an Amazon user (Prime customer) you should check out this phone.
I purchased when it first came out and I love pretty much all of the features and options that ... I have a love/hate relationship with my fire phone. I purchased when it first came out and I love pretty much all of the features and options that it has especially the ability to link over to my prime music and my prime video. The lack of emoji in the texting capabilities and the lack of a few apps such as snap chat. Otherwise I have really enjoyed this phone
The New Freedoms on the Amazon Fire Phone. The Fire Phone has gotten a lot better with it's new lock screens. I love dynamic perspective, and the maps app that comes with the phone looks really cool, with some of the buildings coming in color (like St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow, Russia). Steve Jobs hired liberal arts majors who knew something about computers, and apparently Amazon seems to have done the same with the maps app. Good job, Amazon! FINALLY, Amazon has bent to the will of the public by allowing Google apps like Google Maps. I now have all the apps on my Fire phone that I have with my IPhone 6. I bought my phone unlocked (another bending to the will of the public) and signed up with T-Mobile instead of AT&T. If Amazon had allowed all these features from the beginning, I would have jumped the Apple ship a year ago. The hell with iTunes and it's overpriced movies! I also got a year's subscription to Amazon Prime with the Fire phone, which has most of the same movies, and they are at least a dollar cheaper than iTunes, AND many of them come with X-ray, which allows notes to pop up on the left hand side of the screen that give trivial facts about each movie and actor. The Fire Phone also comes with MayDay. I know that MayDay is just to help you with utilizing any hardware or android platform issues, but it would be nice if the staff had some knowledge of the basic, most popular apps too. If I had any recommendations for a Fire Phone 2, I would have the phone be able to take dynamic perspective pictures and add them to the lock screens (maybe they already do - I need to talk to MayDay about this). I would also allow the Fire Phone to pair with the Samsung Gear S2, and amazing wearable that allows you to keep the phone at home. The maps app that comes with the Fire Phone needs to have a night time feature so that the screen turns dark (making it not so bright so that it doesn't strain your eyes) while you driving at night.
makes buying stuff on Amazon super easy It's a great phone. I'm happy with pretty much everything about it. My one complaining is with the apps. The updates are slow and not as current as other platforms. The selection is a bit more limited than Android and the Google play store, but it has everything I need. I made sure of this before getting the phone, so I wouldn't be left stranded without my banking app. The screen, cameras, and audio are amazing. They do suck down the battery a little faster than most people would like, but it can be managed. I only have to charge the phone once a day.
I really like this phone I really like this phone. At least, so far. Haven't really had much time to "test" it out. BUT the very very very very very first thing I noticed was when I began to add apps to it, that I had on my previous iphone, a LOT are not available. Okay...I figured no Youtube, or Chrome, etc...because its made by amazon and their app store isn't going to "promote the competition". What I don't get, is some of the other apps. No walmart savings catcher, No speedway, No Ibotta, No JoAnn fabrics, No Hobby Lobby, No Square Register. The really big ones here for me are speedway (as I no longer have a physical speedway card...I rely on the app to provide my card) and Joanns for all the "app coupons". The rest I can just off the old phone when I get home. I "can" bring my old phone with me wherever I go as well as the Fire phone. Create a wifi hotspot, tether to it with the old iphone...then use the apps I need to use. but that is extremely inconvenient....EXTREMELY. I should not have to carry around 2 phones with all the time because one doesn't have service and the one that does, can't do 80% of the things I need it to do on a regular basis. All the neat little gadgets like firefly etc, are neat but if I can't do what i NEED it to do...who cares about the little things like that, that make no real significant difference? I'm REALLY hoping that amazon comes out with more apps. Its not even so much the phone...its their darn app store. 250K apps apparently and I'm not interested in the least for about 249,995 of them. The apps I need are for physical stores, gas stations...etc. Square reader is also a BIG one...seriously. None of these are made or owned by what should be considered a competitor. They NEED to be made available. Square Reader is an app for those, like me, who have a square account on squareup.com. Through this app, I can accept credit cards as a method of payment at my market stand using a reader that plugs into the headphone jack. I'll WILL have to use my iphone for this now as I refuse to lose business simply because the fire can't get it through the amazon app store. Amazon...my only and initial complaint at moment at least is the amount of apps. You need a LOT and I mean a LOT more apps and pronto.
I am giving 5 stars and is you look at ... I am giving 5 stars and is you look at most of the 1 star ratings they are the same review written by the same person or group of people, most likely eco activists.
Horrible phone! The idea of having a great company like Amazon endorse a phone was awesome, this phone has many good features but the product is horrible. My phone was not able to make outgoing calls and I called support and they performed their troubleshoot for close to an hour and told me their "specialist" will look into it and they will contact me in 3 days. I CAN'T MAKE OUTGOING CALLS! HOW CAN I USE THE PHONE? HORRIBLE!!
A great first release If you own and love any version of the Kindle Fire, you'll be happy with this phone. I was hesitant to get this phone in its first release, but I live in the Amazon ecosystem and could not turn down the free year of Prime. EVERY smartphone has its pros and cons, even the best on the market, so I would not expect the Fire Phone to be perfect. Besides, worst case scenario, I go back to my Samsung GS4 and sell this one. However, after five days of using this phone, I've decided to keep it. The screen is sharp and clear like my Kindle Fire HDX, the OS runs smooth and quick, the camera suits my needs perfectly fine, calls sound great, and the unique features (Dynamic Perspective, Firefly, etc.) of the phone are a bonus. The things that need improvement are: battery life, adding traffic to the map app, and adding more commonly used apps that are available on iOS and other Android phones. I do sorely miss the removable battery for my GS4 and the Google Maps app, but I can live without them. I hope that the phone does well so that we can continue to see great improvements in future releases (like the first version of the Kindle Fire and the latest HDX).
... got the 64gb version on this phone & I love it! I actually got the 64gb version on this phone & I love it!! I went ahead & installed CM 11 on this phone to get the android feel & so far everything is working fine!! The battery life is really good on this phone& the camera which were the two main factors in getting this phone besides of course the cost, which I got the phone for $159.99, which included a Year of Prime free or will extend to a year longer!! Can't complain so far!! So sad that Amazon had to get rid of these phones all together!! If, they would've only went with Android, I think it would've been a better outcome!!!
Another Amazing Amazon product. Absolutely the best phone I have ever had, I finally retired my Iphone 3, and have never looked back. Amazing clarity on pictures and videos. I love how the screen moves with me as I read, no more stopping to move to the next page. Super fast, I can access my college classes quicker with my Fire Phone then I can with my 6 month old laptop. I also love the 3 D images and games, go ceck it out.
Efficient and useful phone that works well for me I've been using the Fire Phone for a couple of months now, coming from a Motorola Android. Many of this phone's features are actually quite useful to me, despite a lot of reviewers being dismissive about them. The email and text preview and easy navigation saves me a ton of time as I go through the daily chore of work-related communication. It shows your newest emails and texts right on the home screen/carousel so you can quickly get up to speed on things and get things sorted - Nice. Also the FireOS to me seems very efficient - I was getting pretty frustrated with Android since it was getting more and more cluttered. This is a fresh approach and it makes recurring tasks easier to use. It's a fresh approach to a phone OS with some great merits although there is still room for improvement as one might expect. One feature I like and use a lot is Firefly. Whenever I want to (re-)order stuff on Amazon, I can just snap it and with a few clicks I'm done. No more getting to my PC, logging in, searching, etc - swift actions for things I need anyway so I might as well get them easy, fast and cheap on Amazon Prime right? Also, this feature is really good with music. I have had it recognize a ton of songs I did not know and otherwise would probably never know the title of. When you listen to a mix or hear a song you like on TV, you don't always get the title and artist. By the time you get Shazam doing anything, chances are the song is over. Firefly on the other hand is not only accurate, it's also fast. One button click and you're in. The size of device also is just right to me - not too big, not too small, easy thumb navigation. Feels solid in my hand and well built. I guess this phone only shows its usefulness if you use it and if you're the right kinda user. For one, without Prime, it's pretty much a dud. But for me, it works just right and it has made a lot of things I come to expect from a phone as a tool a lot easier. The 2 things I thing are misses are (1) banning access to Google Play - that cuts you out of a lot of apps that can be useful and most people will have a few apps they really want. Thing is, they can be different for everyone so you need access to a big library. Doesn't look like Amazon will have that anytime soon so I need Google Play back. The other issue is (2) price - this should have been a $49.99 to $79.99 phone from the beginning. $199 was too much and $0.99 screams desperation and upsets people who paid $199 just a few weeks earlier. Amazon succeeded getting the price wrong twice on this product. I really like the product and I hope Amazon will do what they usually do and that is to persist and disrupt - I want to see the next Fire Phone!
Great phone for Amazon customers and those that want an almost free phone I purchased the phone two weeks ago and a few minor changes would make this a 5 star phone. Pros: (1) If you have Amazon Prime this is an awesome device. Other videos also play well and the display is comparable to phones of similar size. (2) Other Amazon features including Firefly are very useful if you regularly buy from Amazon. (3) Camera takes very good pics and video. Auto focus and flash have worked perfectly in multiple environments. (4) The phone is relatively easy to navigate. I switched from an iPhone and I had most everything figured out in an afternoon. Cons: (1) Lack of a good music player. Amazon prime music app is good for streaming. The 2nd music player focuses on your music purchases through Amazon. That player will let you get a max of 250 songs credit for songs you upload but does not play music you load on your phone. This is a pain if you have lots of purchases from other providers or rip music from physical music media. I did find a workable music app to play music I loaded on my phone but it it would be better if I could control the music from the lock screen when it is playing without having to unlock the phone. (2) Lack of apps. I looked through the app store prior to purchase and found most of the apps I wanted. I later learned I forgot to specify fire phone only because some of those apps were for kindle. I was able to side load apps by downloading them to a PC from Google play, uploading to dropbox, downloading to my phone, then opening the app. I was able to get all the apps I wanted this way except for two that would not install properly and the Google apps which are incompatible with this phone. Overall thoughts: For a first attempt. I think Amazon did a pretty good job. I use my phone a lot for work and it is good with email and documents. It's also good for the short breaks of playing games. If you use Amazon regularly or subscribe to Prime and can live with limitations on apps, this phone is for you. If you just want a functional phone and don't really care about anything other than email, camera, social media, and popular games then this is a great phone for the price (99 cents with a free year of Prime). It is not perfect but hopefully Amazon will fix my issues with software updates and make an even better phone next time.
And not the least bit disappointed. I have a first gen Kindle Fire, so I knew what to expect as far as apps and games. Yes, you don't have all the apps available to you that are on Android and Apple, but its to be expected since it is Amazon's first phone. Being the first phone that they have developed I think they went above and beyond expectations. I really hope they come out with a new phone next year, I upgraded to the Next plan and gave up unlimited data to have this phone. And not the least bit disappointed.
An innovative new phone with some great potential. The dynamic perspective is a "first of ... An innovative new phone with some great potential. The dynamic perspective is a "first of its kind" technology that is very exciting. There are some issues with the OS where it occasionally lags behind about one second. The connection to amazon prime music and photos is a huge plus. For the current price, plus one free year of prime, it is hard to say no to this phone.
Brilliant phone. Great key features that will only get ... Brilliant phone. Great key features that will only get even better as more software programs take advantage of them. Wonderful future potential. Perfect camera, wonderfully clear pictures. Forget the recent 1 star non-reviews, they're all just crazy eco-nuts failing to see the irony of their own posts. Buy the phone, you won't be disappointed (unless you're an Apple fruitcake or Google eyed goon).
Great phone for someone who regularly uses Amazon services I bought this phone from Amazon during a one day promotion for $189, with a year of Amazon Prime included. We use Amazon extensively, and renew Prime each year, so I figured the phone set me back $89. At that price point, and given that we are heavily invested in Amazon's ecosystem, I think this is a great phone. I have a Kindle HDX, which I use for reading, watching movies (occasionally), and streaming music at the office and in the car. So, I have a large number of Kindle books, a fair selection of movies, Amazon Prime movies (of course), and Amazon Prime Music, as well as a large number of music albums I have picked up from the Amazon MP3 store over the years, and a number of Kindle apps I have secured over time, the great majority of them free (Amazon offers one free app each day, and often has an impressive collection of free apps available for a day or two). With the Fire Phone (this review is about the phone, after all . . .) all of my Amazon content is immediately available to me, and all of the Prime extras, in a light, fast phone with a great screen, terrific camera, good battery life, and some interesting extras (Firefly in particular). Navigation is quick and intuitive. Sound quality on calls on the phone is fine, and you can read your Kindle books, listen to music, watch a bit of a movie (on a small phone screen, of course) and play games. If you have used a Kindle Fire tablet the user interface is very similar; I find it elegant, though not revolutionary. A good, clean interface, with everything readily available. How does the phone compare to other phones I have had? Call sound quality is good; speakers are excellent; the screen bright; the camera works very well. I would say that the Fire Phone does not stand out as definitely better, but is certainly comparable, to top of the line phones. The real question comes down to ecosystem, I suppose. Amazon has a large selection of apps, with virtually all the big name apps covered, and a great number of which you can get for free over time -- more and better quality apps than for a Windows phone, for instance. But the apps selection is definitely smaller than for an iPhone or pure Android phone. If you are just starting out looking for a first phone, perhaps one of the other ecosystems would be a better fit with a somewhat larger selection of apps and, of course, a world of different phones with different screens, pens, cameras, speakers, etc. etc. However, if you have built up an Amazon library of digital content and can find a good deal on the phone, like I believe I did, this is a great value and a very nice phone.
The phone is nice. I don't really have any issues with the ... Update: I am kind of shocked to find that Amazon does not support this phone if it gets a broken screen. This was very disappointing to me. While I certainly don't expect to get it fixed free, I'd like to think I can go to the "manufacturer" and get it serviced. I'm also a little shocked to find when I did a search for Fire Accessories, Cases it didn't show me all the options. I looked from before I bought this to try to find a good protective case and never saw any good choices in my Amazon search. I've found one now, after is dropped it once to often. I still love my phone, but these two issues bother me. Where to begin? The phone is nice. I don't really have any issues with the touchscreen. I've read a few reviews saying it is not 100% responsive but I have had a couple iPhones and this phone is on par with them. I've used it for a couple weeks now and still am getting used to the the tilts and swings to make things work. They are cool gadgets, but I'm 50 and don't care either way about them. Once I get used to them I might feel I miss them on my company iPhone, we'll see. As many reviewers have stated, the battery life sucks if you don't turn off the dynamic perspective. I also felt the heat referred to with the Dynamic Perspective on, but not with it off. The battery life is great with it turned off. It's a nice size screen, the camera is far superior to my iPhone 5's cameras. I took a picture of my puppy with both from the same spot, the difference is impressive. I knew that going in, but really can appreciate the difference when I compare the two pictures side by side. I'm a Prime member who's membership had just run out, so it was a nice feature to get my Prime back for free. I love Prime, I enjoy the videos and the free shipping. Frankly, Amazon lost a couple purchases from me when I ran out of Prime, so that's a feature that pays off for them as well. The earphones are very cool. I like the button on the volume control so I can activate voice dialing and answer or end calls. Haven't read any mention of that in other reviews. Similar to a blue tooth headset, only wired. My biggest concern is the same many have. OK, not the loons who give the 1 star because of the energy source for Amazon's servers, but the Apps. It's a shame we can't get access to all the Apps that other Android users have. I understand Amazon's choice to force customers to use their App Store, but frankly I like the 7-11 App, the Hardee's App, my banking Apps, Busch Gardens and Kings Dominion's Apps. When I go back to Florida on vacation next year I'll want an App for Universal & Disney, which they don't seem to have. I could walk around any of those parks blindfolded, but still use the apps to check show times, and ride wait times. If they'd get the Apps straight this would be five stars.
While I liked the phone and loved the graphics I had the fire phone for 11 days. While I liked the phone and loved the graphics, I could not communicate via text with about 90% of my contacts. The help button was amazing, as were the people I spoke with. I couldn't get it to sync with my new Expedition and I felt I was going backwords from my I-phone. I will wait for the new I phone to come out. Too bad, I am an amozon junkie and really wanted the fire to be my phone!!!!
Simply Amazing. Me and my wife was due for an upgrade through AT&T and we had an iPhone 4s.My wife hates Apple products and for me it was my first smartphone.The iPhone 4s was nothing to write home about,it dropped calls,while on Facebook it would go back to main screen,phone would get very hot.So no I wasn't impressed by the iPhone 4s either.My wife and I met my daughter at our AT&T store to get her an upgrade and well we we're due for one to so went to looking around and that's when we saw the display for the Amazon Fire Phone.Well I started drooling because yes I am an avid shopper on Amazon and love their service.So we looked at the phone did the tutorial on it and so far so good we we're impressed by the Fire phone BUT we wanted to do more research on it.So we read a lot of reviews on this phone from the pros to the customers,we read so much our head spun.Not that we we're afraid of committing to the Fire phone,but wanted to be sure that THIS was our next smartphone.After all the reviews we read I was sold hook line and sinker.We have now owned the Fire phone for about a month and it works great. All the features are awesome and work great,the phone doesn't get hot like some reviewers say.We've had no dropped calls or any issues at all with Amazon Fire phone.So if your worried don't be this is a GREAT smartphone and we will buy Amazon smartphones as long as Amazon makes them.
Great concept, super phone. Dynamic perspective and firefly are great technological developments in a phone second to none. Just like my Fire Stick, at first when I got this phone(unlocked) I was not impress and thought after my initial hands on with it that the phone was a failure. After putting down the phone for a few weeks, I then gave away my iPhone 6plus because I was not able to use my hotspot or bluetooth (OBEX) the way a phone is capable of doing that is equip with these features. And I decided to use the Fire phone which has these features open up for the consumer to use the full capabilities. After using the Fire phone for a month or two, I was never happier with a phone and it's capabilities than this Fire phone. I rate this phone higher than the iPhone 6plus I was using. Amazon I beg of you to continue to invest in this phone and develop a sequel. Amazon you need to use this brilliant technology of "Dynamic Perspective" in your tablets. My son love using my phone to play with apps that uses dynamic perspective. If dynamic perspective is use in the Fire tablets it would surpass the iPad by far as the best kid friendly tablet. Amazon thanks for developing such a brilliant phone. Again please continue to invest in this phone.
Love this phone Love this phone. For internet, text, photos, and just general use, lives up to all expectations. Don't know what's up with all negative reviews? App store has generally what you need if it's not there you probably did not need it anyway. This is a cool phone with cool features. If your a real nerd this is a phone for you. Just playing with features is fun.
High hopes, falling short UPDATED: Where to begin? I wanted to love it. I really did. The commercials hooked me, and on August 2 I went to an AT&T store, spent half an hour playing, and decided to upgrade to the Fire phone. First, what I liked: - The speed. Can't beat the 4G LTE speed on the device. Smooth and quick. - The dynamic perspective: the envy of everyone. It was a definite eye catcher, and was great with the maps. - speaking of the maps... Fantastic. I traveled around Oregon on this with friends, it was awesome. Perfect navigation. Clean and easy. - the screen size- in for the win. - The camera. WOW! 13 Megapixels rocked!! Great in low light. Hard to beat. Best phone camera I have seen. The flash leaves a bit to be desired, but without it I snagged some amazing shots. - The device fluidity. I was great to flow quickly from one screen to another. Would I say it's intuitive? No. But the potential is there. -My one interaction with the Mayday button was quite pleasant. What broke me: - The app availability: So many games available... if you're in to that. But it took a month just for Uber to become available. And no Starbucks app?!? It was the little things. Plus, the Android/ Google play store blocked. -The horrendous time I had transferring music and photos to/from the device. Half the time, I would get a message, "The device is locked, transfers cancelled," and the device was unlocked. When it worked, it was sloooooow. And album art would not show up. Then trying to download music from the Amazon store, and it would not show up in the music player, I had to search around for it. The worst part? Trying to create a playlist, only for it to delete tracks half way through the selection process if I tried to go back and add tracks. It was painful. - The less than seemless switch from Facebook to an external link. Click a link in FB, it would jump to the browser window. But when you were done, you had to close the browser and switch back to FB manually. Not good. Too many steps. -The browser. Only built in, no alternatives. I wanted Chrome or something, but not alternatives in the Amazon store. It used Bing as a search engine. Um, no. -The wrist motions to flip between screens... yeah, need to improve recognition of that.It would take two or three times to work, and the looks I got from people were amusing. -Battery life: had to charge it daily. Small complaint, and normally it was relatively quick, but on occasion it took forever. One day in particular: The day I came home from my trip, I recall having about 60% charge as I left the airport for my house after a 5 hour flight. When I got home, the device had powered off on its own, and would not turn back on at all. It was liked it had bricked up. I plugged it in to charge and went to sleep for 5 hours. I awoke, and the device STILL was not charged. As I tried to turn it on, I saw a brief flash of a charging symbol, which indicated to me it needed more time plugged in. So I did. 5 hours later, and it was only 40% charged. While this only happened once, it was enough to concern me. -Contacts- it would duplicate contacts two or three times, and the merging of contacts was messy and cumbersome. It would list the same number numerous times under one person. Then, it wouldn't alphabetize properly depending on where it was downloaded from. Manual sorting was a time suck. - No way to 'kill' apps. That was a power suck. Added a third party app to do so, wasn't great but cut it for the time I had it. -Bluetooth- with my iPhone it would sync with my fitbit. This did not. I ended up losing my fitbit on my trip, and lost 5 days of my walking and tracking because it wouldn't sync. I was bummed by that. -The final straw? Amazon lowered the price 30 days after I had purchased it. So needless to say, I am awaiting my iPhone 6 plus and rocking an iPhone 3G for a phone. I was appreciative that the store where I bought it took it back, they so did not have to, but did without blinking an eye. So it's been returned. Sorry Amazon, you need to put some work into this device before I would consider it again. Great bones, but as one would say, it's all in the details. And your details are NOT there. An, Amazon, PLEASE STOP CALLING ME, I DO NOT HAVE THE DEVICE ANY LONGER.
Another happy customer. I really like my phone and I also purchased one for my husband. He enjoys his new Fire as well. I find it very easy to use and the panoramic feature is excellent. I also like the fire fly, because it's very convenient. Thank you Amazon.
I am very happy with my phone so far I have been waiting to write my review until now, I have had the phone since the day it came out. The first weekend I had it I was worried I had made a mistake, it did seem to get hot when I was using it and I found myself having to charge it at work even though I had barely used it. By Monday I was very discouraged about the battery life so I decided to read some of the reviews of the phone to see what other people were saying, one of the reviews mentioned turning off the notifications on most apps and I have to say that helped a lot. Then my son mentioned downloading an advanced task killer app and that helped even more. I started work today at 0600 with a 100% charge and when I left work at 1900 it had a 75% charge left. I used the phone multiple times during the day to check email, send a few text and even look at Facebook. Two days ago I played a movie on the phone when I was at home to check battery useage and it only used about 15% for a 2 hour movie. The phone got a little warm during the movie but not hot. I had no trouble getting my calender from my iPhone, all I had to do was put in my email.address and all my appointments showed on my calander. My contacts were also not a problem, since I had a month to wait after I ordered my phone until it arrived I added my contacts to my kindle HDX so they were there when I logged into my phone the first time. There are some apps I had on my iPhone that I wish would be on my fire phone, but I am hoping that with time some will be, but I knew what was available before buying the phone by looking through the app store, no surprises. I am not sure about all the complaints about AT&T, every ad said only AT&T. I am very happy with my phone so far, no problems with the Bluetooth in my car, or call quality when on the phone, for a first generation phone I think it is great, I will not be returning this phone! Good job Amazon!
the mayday feature is good but I can't get the music the mayday feature is good but I can't get the music, video,and prime music to work. The tech passed the problem on and I was supposed to have been contacted by Tuesday and it is now Friday and nothing.
Replaced my Iphone and happy for doing it! Love my phone. I switched from an Iphone and never thought I would like a different software. Everything transferred to my Fire without any issues. My favorite part is MayDay and Firefly! The only thing I miss about my iphone was the FaceTime, but that is easily replaced with Skype!
Very Disappointed I have a Fire Phone that I have had for 4 months. The phone glitches, freezes, and will just turn itself off regularly. The phone will just automatically open the gallery, Amazon's music app, or the Firefly feature at random. The browser is horrible, and the apps are limited. Amazon doesn't even want these phones back with their Trade in program. I wanted to like this phone, but instead I was disappointed. I love my Kindle Paper White, and my Kindle Fire. I've never had a problem shopping on Amazon. The only thing I cannot complain about with this phone is the camera, but that is not enough of a savings Grace. I will not be recommending this phone to anyone, and buying a new phone.
very clear screen and I could see it fine out side Just got the phone today and was concerned it would be hard to use. It seems to be a very user friendly phone even with all the features that are on it. I'm 61 years old and have limited knowledge of cell phones but I can use this one already with very little trouble. If I can use it any one can. very clear screen and I could see it fine out side. I would recommend this phone as of now.
So happy after switching from my IPhone 4! I really didn't think I would love this phone as much as I do. The main functions that I use it for (picture, video, Instagram, & text messaging) are all flawless. The 3D design is tons of fun and makes the map tools easy and cool to use. The main adjustment that comes with this system (I previously had an IPhone) is the carousel feature which is the equivalent to double tapping your home button on the IPhone to see your recently opened apps.
Happy on a sour note. I really like this phone a lot with a few exceptions; viz., Amazon techs are not familiar with this phone. At least some of them are not. And I still haven't been able to download certain apps from the app store. If certain apps are not compatible why then are they in the app store anyway.
Great phone for an old fart!! My first smart phone and it is quite easy to use for a 70+ senio
Only my 2nd smart phone, (the 1st lasted 3 weeks) and a ... Only my 2nd smart phone, (the 1st lasted 3 weeks) and a 10x improvement in power, capacity, and even ease of use. Since I am new to the cyber world, and not getting any younger, facility is very important to me. The Fire Phone, together with my new Fire HDX, offer possibilities that extend to the limits of my comprehension, all within my capabilities.
Great New Phone I am familiar with many different smart phones including the iphone's, Droids, Nexus and Galaxy devices. This phone is a great new entrant with some great features from what is becoming a very very good hardware company. Amazon has been making hardware for just a few years compared to Apple, LG, Motorola, Samsung, LG, Etc but there products are very solid, this one included. There are some things that could, and probably will be improved in later revisions of this product. The price of this phone is a little expensive for an Android phone, but the base model does include a year of prime and 32GB of storage, which is double what a new iphone, galaxy or nexus phone comes with. The weight and size of this phone are a little bit on the heavy side, but this phone feels very solid and neither are a deal breaker. The phone doesn't have the premium metal feel like a iphone 5s/or an HTC one, but once your case is on they all feel the same. The screen is very good, the resolution and color are excellent. The 4.7 size in my opinion is just right. The 3D feature is really neat, but I am not sure that it will be that cool or helpful in the long run. Stay tuned for updates to this review in regards to the 3D feature set. I presume 3D will become a better feature once more apps are developed specifically for this phone. The camera is very good and has been a joy to use. I am excited to use this with some of the different photo apps on the Amazon AppStore. I think I even prefer it to the iPhone camera. The sound on this phone is very good, the speakers are excellent and front facing, it is a nice change from other smart phones. The included headphones seem to be built well and have flat cable which is an added bonus. The battery life is good to average for a comparable phone. Longer than the iPhone 5S for sure, the battery is 35% larger than an iPhone battery. The new Fire OS for phone is nice and snappy to use. The OS is ok, like the original tablet OS it will be continually updated and shortly become a very polished product. One negative regarding the Fire OS is that the Google Play store isn't included for apps, everything must go thru the Amazon AppStore. The Amazon Appstore is great, and the free App a day is a great discovery tool, but it is nice to have the breadth of the Google Play catalog. Overall this isn't the greatest smartphone ever released, but it is definitely a great first smartphone for Amazon. Especially for users who are heavy users of all Amazon's offerings(Prime, Kindle, Kindle Unlimited, Etc.)It is great that Amazon didn't just make "another smartphone" with like specs but made revolutionary steps like dynamic perspective. If Dynamic Perspective is improved over the years then you will see other phone makers imitating this feature.
Great but could be better I really thought investing in the Fire phone would be great considering I love my Kindle. There are some great things that this phone has like: Maps, Weather, Dynamic Perspective, Camera, AT&T Service. With all of this being said, I feel like the cons outweigh the pro's. My Fire Phone does this thing where when I attempt to unlock it, the screen comes on and quickly goes back off, it takes me at least 5-10 tries to unlock my phone. That is major letdown. I had the option to buy this phone or keep my cheap, AT&T Prepaid android device. I miss my cheap android device. If a new software would come out and fix the bugs that are still in the software, it would be a great device! At this moment, I would like to chuck this Fire Phone at a wall. I have no issues with the device when I have no apps on it, but as soon as I download a game or Facebook, it acts crazy. Major letdown. Sad to say. Overall experience: Great concept for a phone... Well thought out experience for the user but things need to be updated and changed for better user experience.
If some of my favorite apps were available If some of my favorite apps were available, I would give it five stars. There are a lot of apps, but some of the ones I used all the time are not available, the Starbucks app for one. Also, RockMyRun, which is my favorite running music app. There are other ones to chose from, I just don't like them as well. The phone itself is great and I like that I have all my Amazon features right there.
well too bad on you I don't usually write reviews but I wish to forewarn others before they are misled into buying this product by Amazon. The OS of FIre Phone is quite unusual but don't expect MAYDAY to "come to the rescue". After five calls from this non-techie, Amazon blocked me from using it. However, the manual has no search function so if you're still getting stuck with a navigation problem... well too bad on you! You can always send an email to Customer Service and wait many, many, hours for a reply. As it happens, I used Bluetooth my first day with Fire Phone and sound quality on the other end was good. But when I tried to call without it the next day, I discovered that the microphone did not seem to be functioning correctly as no-one could hear me. All I heard was a loud echo of my own voice as I spoke. As Mayday had been blocked, I used email from the general Amazon site to contact customer support. After many hours of waiting, I was sent a written reply with two "fixes". They did not work.The email included a direct number to call in case I was still having a problem. It did not connect me directly with a customer rep However as I was directed to leave my number for a call back. Miraculously, I did receive the return call within minutes (finally I could get to speak with someone). The agent asked me some questions and then passed me to yet another department. There I was asked about my apps and when I informed that my I had downloaded Google Play (you see, I had done this dastardly deed in order to compensate for the lack of simple things like a decent voice recorder - Amazon Apps remind me of Symbian and I think their app store will be just about as successful as Nokia's in its day)...WELL - I would have to remove it to get back the microphone he said. So I did as I was told, a complete factory reset that destroyed hours of work setting up this thing, to no avail. Nope - the problem is with the hardware (if you take a look at the Amazon Kindle blogs as I SHOULD have done, you will find that microphones are the weak link in Amazon products). So because there seems to be no quality control at the end of the production line, I now have to send my phone back to Amazon to get a replacement. If it weren't for the money already spent, I'd have preferred throwing this Fire into the fire. I have always loved Amazon and find their service and pricing unbeatable. The FIre Phone, sadly, is very much an exception.
SO DISAPPOINTED I RETURNED THE PHONE Gravely disappointed. I received my phone (pre-order) on Thursday and returned it Friday morning. KILLER ISSUE: failures in data transfer; sync; and basic interoperability with Outlook 1. CANNOT TRANSFER CONTACTS DATA FROM IPHONE At least, I cannot transfer ALL of the data. My presumption was that the first thing Amazon would get right would be making sure we can preserve basics like phone and email contact information when we get a new phone. However, while the AT&T Mobile transfer app does transfer names, numbers and addresses is DOES NOT transfer 'notes' data for contacts. This is for me a deal breaking failure. I have some 2K business contacts in m phone and use the Notes field to remind myself who is who and where I met them. After long discussions with Amazon tech support (excellent if ultimately ineffective) and AT&T it became clear that the only way to get that data onto the Fire was to manually retype Notes for all 2K contacts. That is such a stupidly basic thing to get wrong. Blame Amazon or blame AT&T for writing bad transfer software as you wish, the end result is that you simply cannot get all of your contact data onto the Fire phone. 2. PHONE DOES NOT LINK/SYNC TO LAPTOP OR PC Amazon lets you sync files to Amazon Cloud, but it does not back the phone up to my laptop. Synching to the Amazon Cloud is fine as far as it goes, but it means I have no means to transfer Outlook files, contacts, email or SMS messages, etc., to the Fire phone. As with #1 above, the ability to interact with business standard software like Microsoft Outlook was something I wrongly presumed would be a given. iTunes has had that functionality almost since day one, and it is strange that Amazon would effectively take a step backwards. 3. APPS. WHY USE ANDROID IF ITS NOT ANDROID? I had not realized just how few apps are available on Amazon. For example, there is no app for the NYTimes (arguably the leading US newspaper); there is no app that allows me to connect with my Garmin GPS (again, the industry leader)... I had read about the decision to use their own hodgepodge-variant of Android and block access to Google Play but had not realized how fully frustrating it would be. SUMMARY: The phone is beautifully built, and what it does it does very, very well. However, the phone and software are designed as a stand-alone system. Fire's failure is that it does not interact well with any of Microsoft, Apple, or Android applications. The result is an arrogant Amazon's-way-or-no-way-at-all approach. Admittedly, Apple does much the same, but I can forgive them much because their software works and interacts with other system, including MS Outlook. I might have forgiven Amazon the headaches with the Apps if the phone had simply allowed me to transfer my full contact data but it did not. I have instead returned the Fire phone in grave disappointment and reverted to a original, near-vintage iPhone 3. I am now much happier.
Great phone! TL;DR version: The phone is great with just a couple of oversights/issues I'm sure will get fixed. The Fire Phone is my first journey outside of pre-paid plans, but I felt that I was trapped in sub-standard service that the pre-paid companies provided along with phones that needed to be purchased at full price (for those phones who are current gen) or purchase a phone that was considered out of date two or three generations of phones ago. I love the phone. There is not much more to say than that. I really don't use a phone for more than making a phone call and getting directions and the phone does that great. Dynamic perspective is fun, and I am finding neat uses for Firefly. The email application is super easy to set up and, for the most part, the phone is fairly intuitive (at least for me). Being locked into the Amazon ecosystem doesn't bug me too much only because I dont use the phone to much for apps and games though I am sure some will find this as a flaw. Here are are my two biggest complaints. 1. Having confirmed this suspicion through a Mayday contact, at the writing of this review, there is no way to listen to Prime Music short of downloading the Amazon Music App from the Appstore. The music app that comes pre-installed on the device will only play music you have purchased from Amazon or have uploaded to your music cloud which is nice if you do not have Prime. The phone comes with one year of Prime meaning that you are losing out on a third of the music (arguably more considering the size of the Prime music library and I double anyone has more songs than that, short of a DJ... lol) selection you could have. Here is my confusion. Amazon has an proprietary application that works and has access Prime music, purchased music, and music uploaded to the cloud. Why are they still using the app on the phone that is missing the Prime functionality? I shouldn't have two applications for essentially the same thing. 2. There is no way to remove pre-installed applications from the home screen. With the Kindle Fire HDX, below the carousel is where your favorites are. On the Fire Phone, below the carousel you have all of your apps that are on the device. This means that it is essentially the Apps page from the Fire Devices. To remove unwanted apps, I just created a folder I designated as useless apps and moved all the links that could be accessed via the left slide out bar to that location. In my opinion, Amazon should have set the device up exactly like the Fires where you place your favorites below and then you have the options of going into the content type using the navigation bar across the top of the apps would take you to apps, games would take you to games, etc. A lot of the people I've spoke with are upset the device does not have multiple home screens like other Android Phones. It does. Instead of horizontally swiping to get to other pages, they are stacked on top of each other. I actually had it set up to where I had three pages (didn't try more than that). Overall I am definitely happy with the purchase and have enjoyed using the phone. I'm fairly sure they will fix the Amazon Music issue I described but the home screen issue I'm guessing wont as the navigation is not designed like the fire and would require a complete redesign of the OS.
Unfortunately, this phone is a misfire... Amazon services integrated into the phone are excellent, but that should be expected. Screen is excellent @ 720p, I can't really tell the difference between 1080p or the 720p on the Fire phone, it's that good. Screen is bright & colorful & I don't feel like I downgraded from my former Nokia 920 to this, in respect to size, screen, & weight. The phone isn't heavy (unlike others have been saying) in the hand & that's an accomplishment, because of all the cameras & infrared sensors slapped on this thing. The touch interface is zippy & doesn't seem to lag. Options on the phone are simplistic & make using the phone a breeze. Even if you're not an Amazon ecosystem person, this phone is relatively easy to learn, especially with the fantastic MayDay FREE service provided. UPDATE: Don't be turned off by the Amazon App Store! You can get everything App you'd want by simply searching for an APK (file) on the Silk Browser. You can actually download them directly to the phone & install them. Some call this side-loading, but the way I did this, you don't have to plug the phone into a laptop with another Android device. This is much simpler. Download an APK file (App on Google Play Store) from "1 Mobile Market." It's a Chinese version of the Google Play Store & has been around since 2009 or 2010. Be careful with what apps you download from it though, it seems to want to take control of your Amazon Apps & replace them with 1 Mobile's versions. I just don't update any of those & turn off App Installation from unknown sources, which you can easily do. Just be careful what you download & be smart. Also might not hurt to get an insurance plan with your carrier. I spoke to AT&T about this & they said if anything happens to the phone the insurance would cover it. Now for the downside, the phone is almost unusable as a mobile device. Especially with DP turned on. I've gotten use to turning it off & just going with Low Motion which is an option that allows you to turn all the "goodies" off & use the phone just as a normal smartphone. Don't get me wrong DP is awesome & the best 3D experience (gaming) created thus far. But, it sucks battery life too much. You won't even get a days use out of the phone even in moderate usage. Having to continually keep the phone plugged in is ridiculous here in 2014 when most smartphones can go a day, day & a half or more on one charge. The glass on the back is useless & needs to go on the next version if Amazon make another one. It gets incredibly hot to the touch with DP on, turn it off & it's fine. It only gets mildly warm using it just as a smartphone. Battery life when everything is off is okay, it does last a bit longer but it's still worse than most options on the current market. If you must have everything Amazon, beware, this phone is a 1st edition & they can certainly improve on this phone in a bunch of areas. Cameras need to go, Firefly button is all but useless because of the App already installed. The phone has too many physical buttons currently. I would like to see the home/power button & volume rocker placed on the backside of the device with a rubber or matte finish. The screen could also be enlarged to 5' or more with less bevel. I gave the phone 3 stars instead of 2 because I do appreciate what Amazon tried to do, they just misfired on the package. Thanks & I hope my review has been helpful to some.
I am stunned at the sophisticated beauty of my roving ... I am stunned at the sophisticated beauty of my roving, changeable screen...so "non-Disney"...soooooo...surprisingly refreshing...now I want Firefly...I think...your employees are so courteous! I am a new fan of Amazon....and I am telling everybody about AmazonFire! Thanks for a top-notch product...
I'd choose this phone again and again ! I absolutely adore this phone ! I've had it for a while now and it works great. I haven't had any issues with it and anytime I've needed anything the instant 24 hour video chat answered my questions within minutes. Not to mention its brilliant camera !
... got my Fire Phone through AT&T and they were pretty neutral in the store about it but my experience ... I got my Fire Phone through AT&T and they were pretty neutral in the store about it but my experience has only been positive. The phone is sleek, responsive and just does its job. As a phone, it just works and contact management is intuitive and sensible. For the apps I care about, they are present and they work or there is an Amazon alternative (e.g. maps) that performs smoothly and fills my needs. Incidentally, it isn't mentioned much even in the positive reviews but if you care about such things the camera is surprisingly good at low-light photos, a common weak point for phone cameras. The integration with Amazon services is deep and genuinely useful. As an example, an attempt to buy something that Prime discounts is quickly and clearly marked; a thoughtfulness that I appreciate. The only warning I might give is if there is some app you feel you just can't live without, make sure it is present on the Amazon App store before you buy. For myself I came from Android so I understand exactly what I'm missing; I just don't care. Amazon delivers a fine product on this Fire Phone, I love it and I would totally buy another one if it got lost or went through the washing machine or something.
Love my new fire phone Love my new fire phone. It's a large improvement from my Nokia 920. Don't understand how anyone can use Google anything, their the NSA's best friend.
Should never have switched from i-phone This is an awful phone, there are hardly any apps for it, they changed the price to 99 cents and I am paying way too much for a crappy phone. Battery life sucks, I can't make a call and hear unless I have the speaker on and then it is so crackly you can't hear. I have to use this phone exclusively in my car with the bluetooth setting or it is useless. The camera is good, that is why it has one star, but... I have been on the phone 1.5 hours with an AT&T person and 1 hour with an Amazon person, and you can't just download your photos, I had to payn 1.99 for an app to try and get them downloaded to my computer, but that app didn't work with windows 10, so then had to get chrome, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH - has just been a f'n disaster. I will say the Amazon lady in customer service was good, but I have already spent tooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much time on the phone trying to deal with this.
Better than Iphone. This is the best phone I've had. It is well-made, fast, reliable and easy to use. Syncing with other devices and transferring music, pictures, etc. Could not be simpler. The camera is superb and I appreciate the battery life.
Worst phone I have ever owned. I wanted so much to love this phone. I actually hated it more than any other phone I have ever owned... ever. Radio is poor, battery time is poor, phone quality is poor, and the software selection (os was less than stellar) was poor. Camera was okay. Support was great. I got another refurbished phone that I hated as much as my "old" new one. I would never buy another Amazon phone at any time in the future as a result.
Would buy it again! Great phone that works quickly and efficiently. Camera takes much better pics than my iphone. If you love amazon there are lots of amazon-rlated apps like kindle and music. Biggest con: hopefully amazon will develop a better system for a "back button" than swiping or flicking the wrist. They just don't always work and I can't count how many times I have been stuck, like in Facebook messages and unable to get back to news feed - though eventually swiping works. Also would be nice to have a better app for finding the phone that is friendly with iphone. The year of Prime is worth a lot for a frequent amazon shopper. In the end, I mostly purchased it for the amazon name. It's worth it, but just bear in mind it may take some getting used to and will probably evolve and improve over time.
semi impressive, but no SMS I would like to see the fire phone 2 please... lol and I'd hope it has SMS. That's my ONLY complaint. Firefly needs improvement too but eh, whatever, it's a commodity. It's not iOS or Android. Thank you for options Lord, Mwah.
I love my fire phone This phone is amazing. Every day I find it easier and easier to use. The pictures I have taken are so amazing I wish I could attach some. I have read the reviews from others, but I actually use this phone for home and work. Email is great and WAY easy to set up. I love the amazon prices for music and I have a huge MP3 collection that is always available. ONLY DRAWBACK is I had to switch to AT@T and they do not alway have the best signal, but not bad. This has nothing to do with the most awesome only innovative phone that has come out in years. It also easily attached to my smart tv so I can play videos etc. Don't expect it to be a samsung or an iPhone, it operates differently, but in my opinion, much easier and convenient. Every app I want is available, and the navigation works great! Good job amazon. I have had Droids, Samsung G4, iPhone 5, LG....and I love my fire phone
visual voicemail quit working after last update I've had my phone since February. I loved it. Bought 2 for family members. Got a friend to get one also. Takes awesome pics. Internet is relatively fast. Visual voicemail used to be awesome. Used to be awesome (now it's old school, dial 1 to check voicemail and there are no notifications to let me know I have a vm waiting) around 3 weeks ago my phone updated. And now the server for the visual voicemail no longer syncs. Spent time on phone with mayday. "Att problem" spent hour and half on phone with Att. "Its a software problem" I cleared off phone and factory reset. (Hassel). Guess what? I still have the same problem. Someone from Amazon and Att are supposed to get back to me. Been 2 weeks since I got an email from either one. I would suggest if you use your phone for work or get spotty coverage Travelling stay away from the kindle that makes phone calls. ALSO all the people I know that have this phone now have the same problem. Amazon fix the problem and I'll up my stars again
support is second to none. There are still some updates that need to happen but overall the phone has come a long way since release. Voice controls are a bit laggy and not able to add calendar events or answer some basic questions. Amazon stands behind their products and that's why I will stay with them through the growing pains.
Needs alot of work. I am a pretty big Amazon fan (I have amazon prime, and also a paper white kindle) so when I needed a new phone I decided to give the Fire Phone a try. I have had the FP for about two months now and in general it seems like Amazon rushed it out too early and with too little testing. Right off the bat, when I got the phone I looked through the se ttings so I can familiarize myself with doing basic functions, but I was shocked to find that a lot of options I were looking for were either in odd places or just not even available. The Fire Phone, like the kindle fire, has the carousel home screen, which isn’t a bad set up, but you can choose what comes up there, only recently used apps will be up there, and you can remove them but only temporarily. Also, the lack of a back button is becoming bothersome, as the only way you can go back is to flip up from the bottom of the screen, where most apps put there adds. There are a number of glitches as well. First, when on a phone call, there is a 75% chance that when call is over, the phone assumes it is still at my ear and the screen won’t turn back on. I have to wait for the person on the other end to hang up before I can use the phone again. Next, it is extremely fickle on when it can charge or not. I have a 2013 Honda Accord, which has a USB port for iPod usage and charging. My previous phone, a Motorola, would charge no problem, but the Fire Phone just connects and does nothing. I had to get a charger from my cigarette lighter to charge my Fire Phone in my car. In general it just seems like the Fire Phone is not very compatible with my Honda, which I never had any issues with previous phones. Songs played via Bluetooth cut off 5 seconds too early and if I try to use the Fire Phone voice input I just end up calling myself somehow. Not all is bad about the Fire Phone though. It is very quick, especially when using the internet and the battery life is very good, even when in heavy use. The lack of popular apps is a killer though, no major google apps, missing banking apps and little ones like cracked lite or ESPN Fantasy Football. Overall the Fire Phone needs a lot of work put it has potential. Hopefully all these reviews will get point across to the people at Amazon and future iterations of the Fire Phone will be better.
Amazon Fire Phone Review I find many features about the Amazon Fire Phone to be unique and an amazing first attempt at a phone. Firefly and the Dynamic Perspective are both interesting additions. I'd like to point out that I have very in depth knowledge of Windows Phone, Android, and iOS. With that I understood before I even bought the phone that it would be a different experience altogether. Until recently I had never actually used a kindle, so I didn't know the type of environment that it possessed. Had I that knowledge I would have further assumed that this would drastically be a different experience altogether. For those who were looking for an Android phone and became emo because this was nothing like it, I say to them there has been enough documentation even before the phone came out that they should have known better. This is the Amazon ecosystem and not the google android. On that note, the phone was not immediately intuitive to use. The side menus don't always respond. I will say that if your waving your phone around, of course it won't know when your trying to activate the menus by quickly tilting the phone. Yet if you move your phone to a new position, you'd need to wait just a second before you tilted it for the desired effect. With that I would say 80% of the time it responded. The dynamic perspective feature is amazing. Many reviewers found it to be frivolous and without merit towards future apps. I believe that it has amazing potential. Especially when you consider what it could do with an rpg, first person shooter, or adventure game. Firefly was a great concept, but one of the reasons I'm marking this down to 4 stars. The idea is that you can hover your camera over an object and the phone would be able to figure out what it was, or at the very least the servers, and you could find a product match online. 1 out of 10 times that worked for me. Pointing it directly at an iPhone 5c with a giant apple on the back of it was apparently not obvious enough. Because of the unique features in the phone the battery life suffered immensely. Especially playing games that used dynamic perspective. I'd get just a couple hours of battery life out of it. Interacting with the phone to navigate through previous apps wasn't at first intuitive. I can only assume I even now understand it correctly. Hitting the home button will take you to the main screen where you can scroll through the previous apps you had open. However it doesn't show a thumbnail of what you were lasting doing. So not as intuitive or friendly. For gaming the market is extremely difficult to navigate and find the games you would like. More so than on the other app stores. I didn't find any category to sort through the various types such as RPG, adventure, puzzle, or whatever else there might be. So it became just a clutter. I will update this review more once I have had further experience. Right now I've only had it for a week so we'll see how it goes.
Terrible phone This phone has been nothing but trouble. does not work with a lot of google app's. it randomly rebooted and deleted recently added contacts, the speaker volume occasionally will work, but I cannot turn up the volume unless I turn it down first, then the digital display allows me to turn it up. the glass cracked even with it in a thick phone case. I really feel I wasted my time getting stuck into a 2 year contract, thinking this phone was going to be amazing... oh and you cannot share anything through blu tooth. it only allows anyone to send me files where I cannot send them any files... don't waste your time.
don't listen to the critics Need some more apps in the app store but overall it's a great phone with some sick features I was kinda sceptical about buying this phone after I listened to the reviews but after taking a chance it's definitely worth everything amazon asking for it
Best phone I've ever owned I don't really see why so many people had negative reviews towards this phone. I personally loved it. It is a very well made phone. It is very sturdy and really feels like a quality made phone when i hold it in my hand. it is just about the same size as an iPhone 6/6s. It also looks as if it is just a mirrored iPhone in some aspects. I've got numerous comments asking if its an iPhone when i have my case on. If another Amazon Phone is made, it should have a more unique design to set it apart from other phones, and not just a tiny Kindle Fire tablet. Both the front and back are made of glass, which i personally like as it feels more sleek. I also love the speaker placement and it has a speaker on both the top and bottom of the phone. People were complaining about the lack of Google apps, but that was easily fixed by sideloading the Google Play store on your phone. Also people complained about how you could not change the back ground on your phone. That was also fixed for a recent update. The clock is also in the lower corner,which i love, so it wont disturb my lock screen picture. I do understand that the averge person may not be able to safely sideload apps, but it came easily for me. I think this phone would have been more of a success if the google appstore was installed to be on par with other android type phones. It may have seemed like a way to increase profits at the time, but over all looking back it would have saved Amazon from discontinuing the phone. Everything else other than the google problem was on par with any other android phone, if not better with the features like firefly and dynamic perspective. I could have seen the Fire Phone easily as a Top 5 phone is it had just a few minor improvements. The only reason i gave it a 4 star rating is because smartphones always need improving. If Amazon ever makes another Fire Phone or "Prime" Phone, it should be a more unique design (perhaps more colors too), contain the Google Play store, and of course be on par with current smartphones, and I would definitely buy it in a split second.
This is a nice phone. Nothing more This is a nice phone. Nothing more. Fire Phone falls short of many other phones on the market. I will explain the things we dislike about the Fire Phone, and why we returned it. The phone got very hot while using navigation, burn you hot. You can change the lock screen but there is no way you can change your background. The speaker distorts a little when on speaker phone. Has hangups and lagging issues. The app selection is desolate. Another weird thing, the navigation does say what exit you should take but it does not show the exit in text, easily forgotten. I love Amazon, but do not do business with Amazon Wireless, they expected me to wait a week and a half for another phone when they originally said one day turn over. We tried purchasing the LG G3 from them but they said "we must wait to get the other device back", before they would set up another device and send it out. I hated sprint but at least they would make sure you had a phone, this is horrible service.
Amazon has done it again! I'd been using my phone for over a month now and have absolutely no complaints! I will admit that this is my first smartphone but have several Kindle readers!. I have used Mayday and love the service! I highly recommend this phone!
The camera on the phone is not good at all compared to other phones When I first bought the phone the OS was extremely buggy. If I were to open a link from an email, it would open a blank page in the browser and I would have to reopen up the email and reclick the link to get it to load. The camera on the phone is not good at all compared to other phones. I have also had issues where apps crash and the phone randomly decides to restart itself as well as bugs with the music app that are insanely annoying. My biggest problem with this phone is that after 1 year and 4 days, it crashed out completely and is no longer functional. I barely use the phone, its never been dropped, and I have 6 apps I have downloaded from the app store, none side loaded. I am stuck at a bios like screen that says, "file system recover" and I cant get past it. It gives options to reboot the system, restore it to factory defaults, apply an update manually, or wipe the cache. I have tried all of these and the phone simply reverts back to the same screen. When I called Amazon they would not replace the phone because I was 4 days out of warranty and couldn't if they wanted to because the phone is no longer being produced and they are out of stock. I am basically screwed and have to buy a new phone out right. Glad I have been I prime member for 8 years (Amazon, I really hope you can sense the sarcasm here). I really hope customer service steps up here and helps out.
Awesome. Fast Awesome. Fast. Pictures come out so clear. Speakers are loud enough to fill a large room with sound. Video quality is awesome on the large screen. I can't put this phone down
Great smartphone This is my first smartphone, but i have knowledge of how other smartphones like iPhone and Samsung galaxy work and some of their features and capabilities. I just looked at the Fire phone without any bias or unrealistic expectations. I really love this phone, it is just perfect for what i need. I was a little hesitant to get this phone after reading so many bad reviews, but i don't regret my decision to get it one bit. I feel like it is completely under-rated, and that perhaps people that left all those bad reviews were biased because they where used to other smartphones and their operating systems. The camera on this phone is probably the best one i have ever seen on a mobile phone. The navigation on the phone is smooth and quick, the back feature took me a bit to get used to, but now i love it, i even find myself trying to swipe the same way on my ipad to go back like on this phone, that's how quick and natural it started feeling. All in all for me this phone is great, and I love it
All Buzz, No Fire I am severely disappointed with this phone. I've had a markedly different experience with the Fire than some of the reviewers here, and am not at all impressed with Amazon's flash-over-substance approach to this device. In short: the Fire is not a good phone. First off, let's get real: Dynamic Perspective is a gimmick that adds no value unless you are interested in nothing more than showing off a neat optical illusion. Firefly works fairly well but is integrated so tightly into Amazon's sales system that it is actually just a sales-baiting version of what other apps on other platforms (like the Amazon app on the iPhone!) already do. As for the rest of the phone, the Fire's interface is inelegant and fails more often than it works, native apps constantly crash for seemingly no reason, and the voice command system has pretty much one pathetic response: "I'm sorry, I can't do that yet." Put a screen protector on, I dare you, and your interface problems get even worse. The phone does have a couple of quality features; the camera is good and the speakers are actually the nicest I've ever encountered on a smart phone. The problem is, they are attached to a device that constantly makes you feel like you've paid your hard-earned money to be a beta tester for Amazon. I'm not an Amazon hater by any means, either - I gave this phone a chance because I thought it would be a great alternative to a new iPhone and I love the Prime Video/Music "ecosystem." It was a poor decision that I've come to regret. I'm really glad there are a few folks out there who seem to like this phone a lot, but I'm sorry to say I'm not one of them.
Great for Prime users! 4 days in! Love the feel and look of the Amazon Fire! Wish the protective case came out the same day. However, it appears that it would be difficult to scratch the Fire. Had an Iphone and an HTC. While both were excellent, I do a lot of shopping through amazon, read a host of books on my Kindle and watch prime almost daily. So this was an easy switch for me. The picture quality is excellent. Still working on learning what all this phone can do. But for now, glad I made the switch. Update. There are way to many products blend with this phone. Some make no sense at all. Say your phone is off and you receive a message. You will have to call your voicemail to find out. That is so 1991. Next, you want to save your boarding pass, no can't do that either. I have to go back to an iPhone fast.
Trash, Buy iphone, Samsung or a known brand without quality issues. A really bad buy, the phone has been behaving wierd for a long time. It has stopped sending out my audio on phone calls. So, someone on the other side has no idea I am on the line. Now I have to switch my phone off and on again every time someone call me and call them again to get to talk.
Good Phone for a first generation I have loved this phone from the time I opened the box. Yes there have been a few things I have found out that Amazon doesn't do and yes need to fix. A few of the apps I was wanting they don't have How there is so many steps involved to do a lot of things. I can't make folders for all my apps. But there is so much more I love about it. The free year of prime. The task manager (carousel) The MayDay is a creat feature. Firefly is so neat. Love how its not just for music like Sound Hound. Bottom line this phone being a first generation needs some work and I'm sure it'll be fixed in the next one just like Amazon did with the Kindles
Top Things Liked: UI, money apps (Kindle, Audible and Mayday) and massive screen. Bottom Things: Battery life and heat. Top Things Liked: Swipe-able UI , Amazon apps (Kindle, Audible), Mayday (Tech Support) and Low Cost. Bottom Things: Battery life and heat. Undetermined: Dynamic Perspective - gimmick or hidden gem? I prefer this phone over the Android and Apple phones because it has a unique top layer that allows swipe action and gives visibility into the emails and texts messages, without having to tap into those features themselves. Double tap for quick switch is also nice touch for quick access. There are also some left tilt, right tilt actions which are handy, but i still have to get used to them. The screen is as big as iPhone 6 by the way. I do agree with most people that Dynamic Perspective is a little gimmicky (to me, as a short time user for now). I also have a lot of kindle books and audiobooks i like to read and listen to. I went to the ATT store to try out. I found reading books ok on the FIRE but not good on iphone 5 (too narrow and insufficient) and the financial incentives are very attractive. If you factor the free 1year's worth of PRIME, which I would pay anyway, my effective cost is really low. The downside of this phone is battery life. It is warm when the phone is one for a while and drains quite rapidly. I have not had it for a long time to give more info on this. However, (1) they made sure native Amazon apps like kindle and audible remain battery sipping. (2) once the screen is off, the phone cools equally rapidly. So, i shut the display down as often as i can help it. Finally, their Tech Support is superior - It is done through a custom app called MAYDAY and it basically allows their reps to remote login to the phone and i was able to figure a lot of stuff out with their help. I would say "i want to get rid of recommendations" and they show me how to do it. It beats having to haul into the mall and make an appointment to see a genius. My previous phone were webOS phones, which i found quite intuitive with their swipe actions at the time. Fire is a decent 3rd candidate in the land of android and apple. I was sick of carrying around the kindle (touch) and then a phone and headphones and charger etc. To me, kindle and audible are not going away from my lifestyle anytime soon, so having a single device that takes care of all that is useful. The large screen makes Kindle reading ok by the way. It has tech support (what a novel idea!!) and a decent camera, email and such works as well as any of the other candidates. Free PRIME and zero down makes it all the more compelling. The business with Hachette not withstanding. If you read/listen to a lot kindle content, you should take a look at this.
smoldering fire :( Well, what a disappointment from the AMAZON gods!! Yeah anything new is nice and faster BUT this phone does not support apps that we need for our use, like our home security camera system. Also, when we went to the ATT store to start-up they had issues with transferring files like music, pics and contacts because the cable was not compatible and it was working very slowly. REALLY!!! Then on the ATT website there is an explanation to transfer your contacts from any phone to the FIRE--yeah well that doesn't work either. If I can't transfer my contacts then why am I going to be bothered with this phone. The dynamic perspective is cool but annoying and the wrist flick to switch screens is not 100%. The battery is absolutely horrible -- can't even go 12 hours without having a dead phone. You can actually see the battery diminish in use as you are doing anything due to the screen brightness--seriously! As quick as we got these phones is as quick as they are going back to Amazon. See you at the UPS store tomorrow!!
I love my Fire Phone I love my Fire Phone. I am very familiar with the system as a Kindle user, so I did not have a problem going from my Iphone to this. Also I know people complain about the app availability and for me-complete non-issue. I'm not a big app user. My only complaint really is the battery life.
great phone Great phone. Does everything my I phone did but better. Apps are cheaper and of good quality. I can share music with my friends. Firefly saves time typing. Even books and magazines are less expensive. Good gaming platform. Does all the things I wanted without added epense. Amazon prime was a nice touch
Don't buy this phone!! If there was a negative stars option... that's what this phone would get. Every video looks great on my phone. And ONLY ON MY PHONE. Good luck trying to share, it will look like you took it on your grandmother's phone from 1990. Pixelated and grainy. I tried to send a video of my son riding his bike for the first-time without training wheels to his grandparents. "Is that a kid on a bike? I can't tell." Thanks for ruining such a special moment. This phone is ridiculous. Buggy. A waste of money. I'll be switching back to Apple now. Learned that lesson the hard way. Additional issues: Randomly the keyboard disappears when trying to send texts. Must turn off and on to get it back. The lock screen will go black several times in a row when trying to unlock it. Pictures are grainy when sent. Can't connect to Google Play.
also it's not like a burn you hand hot So I bought this phone being a google play store fan. Yes it doesn't come with the play store but that wasn't an issue. Use apk4fun.com to get all my play store apps. The phone does get a warm but I've notice the more days I've had it the less warm it becomes, also it's not like a burn you hand hot. The battery seems to be getting better too. I'm thinking the first few days the phone is simply updating and configuring, therefore hotter and less battery the first couple days. I really enjoy this phone. The screen is beautiful to look at. Would recommend to anyone who is an experienced with computers (compared to someone with a basic knowledge of phone, Facebook, Twitter, ect,)
I've been quite satisfied with the Fire phone I've been quite satisfied with the Fire phone. I have found its operation to be intuitive and reliable. I know there have been a number of negative reviews of the product. These seem to have centered around comparisons with the latest Apple or Samsung and the fact that the Fire phone is obviously designed to function within the Amazon eco-system. I haven't owned an i-phone so cannot make a comparison. Each of the operating systems provided by various companies seems to direct users towards a particular commercial environment so I don't really understand his complaint. If one is a satisfied Amazon customer looking for a well designed, easy to use smart phone I think the Fire phone should work well.
Great Phone I'm pleased with my Fire Phone still learning to use it. Love the May day. The only criticism I have is a printed quick start guide for the Tech Challenged would be very helpful. It's a truly great phone I continue to be impressed.
well worth the price Highly recommended especially for anyone who has a Prime Amazon account and uses kindle apps. This is only my second smart phone, but I am very pleased with the advanced technology and the ease of use--great product.
Not bad, if the battery life was better that would ... Not bad, if the battery life was better that would be great but definitely an upgrade from my previous phone. Has everything I need and customer service is great. Graphics are great and sound as well. Also use the gps, besides the battery it is slippery so a case is a must.
The Price is Now Right I finally bought this phone new (and unlocked) a couple of days ago for under 3 figures on Ebay since Amazon does not sell this phone any longer. I had read lots of reviews over the years and the reviews previously had scared me away. But I decided to take the leap here because the price was right and I am very glad I did. The phone is not perfect and does get very warm (not hot). I deducted a star for this. However, I find most of the complaints about this phone to be not applicable to me. Firstly, I have absolutely no problems whatsoever swiping up as a means of going back to a previous screen. I think this was a brilliant idea by Amazon and I don't miss a dedicated back bottom at all. Moreover, I have no problems tilting the display left or right and swiping from the left/right screen to bring up menus. I think people who are use to the way Google operates Android smartphones should stick with Google. I find what Amazon has done with Fire Phone requires a bit of an adjustment but works very well for me. Clearly, I am in the minority here or Amazon would still be selling this phone. The carousel does not bother me at all. But I don't use a lot of apps. I trade and invest in the equity market and my brokers both have a unique app in Amazon's app store. I do miss Hangouts, but that's about it and I don't think it is worth side loading a few files to get access to Google's play store. I like Amazon's silk browser very much and Skype works very well on Fire Phone. I did have a problem getting Fire Phone to connect to my Netgear Extender 6200. But it did connect to the original Time Warner Cable Router without a problem. For the dirt cheap price I paid for Fire Phone, I think I got a great deal. Time will surely tell. But for what I use Fire Phone for, I have very few complaints.
I am pleased that I per-ordered this phone The only major drawback is the battery life. It is a bit sluggish. And, yes, the communication apps, especially to visual voice mail, are quite lackluster and confusing. Yet, I have gotten exactly what I wanted: a hand held kindle and a telephone. While I cannot wait for the evolution of this device, I am pleased that I per-ordered this phone. I am a prime member and fully immersed in the "Amazon Eco-system". This phone is great for all the content I have with Amazon and meets my communication needs.
Great phone, lousy headphones. The phone takes some getting used to, as an Android user. It took a little fiddling around with it and some hit-or-misses, but I eventually got down the basics. It is smooth, thin and not heavy. Was a little disappointed in a few of the apps, but I figured I could do without those. It was quick to set up and link all my accounts (email, facebook, etc.). I like it and hope to enjoy it for years to come. However, the reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the headphones. Apparently, whoever designed the headphones had ear canals as big as Texas. They do not fit comfortably in the ear, and are always slipping out. Other than that, the phone is fine. Well have to do something about the headphones, though.
i have waited a long time for this! Ok first off, i may be biased because i am a huge amazon user. I bought this phone when it came out and have been using it since. I have owned just about every iphone and a couple of the galaxies, i am no expert, but this has been my favorite so far. I was excited to see the phone but hesitant to buy it, worried the "gimmicks" would loose their luster. However, now having the phone i really enjoy dynamic perspective and the gesture controls, it's nice to have something NEW and DIFFERENT. As far as performance it is solid, and i have plenty of APPs to keep busy with. I really wish it had YouTube. There is a learning curve/break-in period to get used to the new format but once you get it down you'll be cruisin. ONE thing Autoscroll is not in Kindle app (yet) and that is disappointing. I do enjoy Firefly it works to identify Characters/actors, Scenes, Music, episode, and IMDB for movies. Works for music too, like shazam. Firefly is also great for scanning phone number emails and whatnot, AND of course buying things. So far i have had no crashes and no serisous complaints and i barely put the phone down. OH yeah the camera is pretty good, it takes a while to focus but having a designated button is nice and it takes nice photos.
Absolutely Love the Amazon Fire Phone!!! I love this phone! Great perks like Free prime membership for a year, free unlimited cloud storage for photos, free movies, free music and firefly to name a few. The only downside is that the apps are limited, but I've been able to side load any that are missing from the Amazon app store
Confirmed amazon user/previous EVO phone, new AT&T user I am a confirmed amazon user, so I was hoping that the phone would help me better use my amazon content. It has! See my thoughts on specific items: Amazon content -- Like I said, this was my main draw, and it exceeded my expectations. All my content was there (because your account is automatically linked), including books (in the cloud, so I downloaded a few to my device), audiobooks purchased from amazon and even older audible purchases, music purchased on amazon, even documents (I'm a book reviewer, so I have quite a few egalleys sent to me as documents). Sound/headphones -- Excellent! The cords are supposed to be tangle free, which I like because though I usually try to wrap my cord around my device, that doesn't often happen. While using it to listen to an audibook, I ended up shoving them into my purse a couple of times. All good. Typing/texting: Great auto-correct and auto-fill. I already knew this from emailing on my Kindle Fire, but it's a bonus I wasn't even expecting on my phone. This makes me happy. The EVO phone I had before had terrible autocorrect. I tried turning it off, but I couldn't figure it out. Video/Photo -- This is another big thing I use my phone for. I'm very pleased. I took some video of my daughter's performance last night and uploaded to facebook. Easy. I like the side button camera operation a lot, because it's more intuitive to hold it that way, aim and hit the side instead of using your finger to tap the front (you can do that too). Quality is excellent. Mayday -- I had a question about use of the phone that I probably could have figured out with some digging or experimenting, but I was frustrated, and I knew Mayday was an option, so I used it. It took 15 or 20 seconds to connect, but there was Sydney. She answered my question and even gave me a small bit of extra info. Very pleased. Firefly -- I identified two books. One was just to try out the gimmick, but the other was when my daughter was looking at comic books and trying to find a particular issue. The store didn't have it, so I pulled it up easily on amazon using firefly capture. I also captured music and let it identify it (which is something I won't often use, but it works). Battery Life -- I was able to use it the first day with only the limited pre-charge it came with. I used it a fair bit that night, setting some things up, taking photos and videos and making calls, and it was fine. I charged it overnight, because I had a full day ahead of me. By 5pm it was down to 38% charge, saying I had used it 9 hours. It had been "hard" use -- streaming music to a portable speaker via bluetooth for over an hour, watching a few short videos, letting my son play a game on it, and of course regular surfing and texting and email. I had also downloaded several items to my device (a book, audiobook and some music). At 8pm it still had 17% left, saying "time on battery" was at 12 1/2 hours. I purposefully tested that last 38% by downloading lots of apps etc. It's still doing just fine. My problem with other batteries is that they have a point where they drop off with no use left. My old phone got to 30% and was dead within an hour (when the first 70% lasted much longer than that). This seems okay so far. AT&T -- I could not be more pleased so far with AT&T. I ordered the phone weeks ago and just waited for it to come out. Porting my old number from my Virgin mobile no-contract service was a breeze. The 4G coverage on calling and data has been easy. It automatically connects to WiFI, reducing my data usage. Second Screen -- I had forgotten about this, but my son and I rented Iron Man from amazon instant video tonight. When I picked up my phone, I saw that it was on there, knowing we were watching it. You could choose to either switch it to that device, or just use it for the XRay imdb (which I love on the sidebar of my Kindle Fire HD while I'm watching. The more I use this phone, the more I love it.
You get what you pay for The promotional deal of .99 cents to get the phone was an absolute steal. I love the Gorilla glass encasement, but I only wish that the screen was larger and the size of the font when texting was larger. It is a cute phone, but it at times can be a little confusing to get back to a certain screen and I find the camera to be a nuisance in the sense that the button is rather sensitive so it is always coming on and taking random photos. I guess I will eventually figure out how to operate this equipment.
Amazin Phone surprises anf keeps surprising. I know this phone didn't get the best reviews from various online reviews, but after owning the phone for a few weeks and getting to know it better I realized that those reviewers either didn't know what they were talking about or had a heavy iPhone bias. I have really started to like this phone way more then my previous iPhone. Once you get used to the controls and configure it the way that works for you it becomes very initiative and a feature packed experience. I was already married to the Amazon environment so the transition for me was seem less. It should be noted that I made that choice while owning an iPhone. In other words iTunes sucks! Amazon has been nothing but a pleasure to work from a product and customer service standpoint. The Amazon app store has everything I've needed and haven't had any problems. I'm extremely happy with this phone and look forward to owning it for the next two years and beyond.
Absolutely better than iPhone! Excellent if not Better! Folks, this is a solidly built phone, I have had it for 9 months, the battery life is a good two (2) days worth of normal calls, internet browsing and email sending. The screen is crystal clear and I love the wrist gestures and easy to get to navigation. The reception is just about Fantastic where my iPhone would let me down over and over again. I am not new to smart phones, I purchased my first iPhone in 2007 on the day it was introduced! Unlike some of the reviews, I have not encountered earth shuttering negative experiences with this phone, there has been times that it runs warmer due to heavy usage specially GPS navigation but to get so hot to feel a burning sensation, Not! The biggest difficulty I have had is to spend a bit of time and learn its O/S (Operating system) and not treat it like an iPhone, I have a iPhone 5 running IOS 8.xx and I finally decided to shelf it. The only reason I had been using the iPhone was the belief that I would miss my applications, well I have Not! Forget about the iPhone, clumsy, no reception, lousy at best interface. Forget about it. I hope that Amazon does not drop the line, this is a really solid phone. I want to admit I always read the negative reviews first, I find it funny how some people use the platform to write about their own personal agenda, I find most of the negative reviews are subjectively self-serving. Reviews are important, but a review like I dropped the phone and it Broke, are just subjective at best, no? T hank you Amazon for this lovely phone.
app store is really lacking... I really do like my fire phone. I like all the unique features it comes with. However, it's major downfall is the lack of availability of apps. I lost three of my major apps and several new apps that I have seen advertised are not available in the app store. If this is fixed it would be a 5 star phone.
Great Phone, Best Decision that I have made in ages! I had been an IPhone user and apple product fan for quite some time. I have been an avid Amazon Prime user as well and made the switch to the Amazon Kindle tablet a couple of years back and am now on my second. When my contract was ending for my Iphone I started to take note of the Fire Phone, and did research, talked to people and seriously considered making the switch for quite some time. I always tried to be open minded and realized that many of the folks that are IPhone fanatics are doing so to be "trendy" and part of the "in" crowd. I was never one to just folow blindly, and was puzzled when those that I asked about the Fire Phone who put it down or said not to try it, could never give me any solid reasons except that they thought that Apple was the best. I went to the ATT store to trade in my I Phone 5 and was going to get an I Phone 6, just to be safe. Fortunately for me, I had a long wait and spent a lot of time handling the display Fire Phone and really loved it. When I looked at the I-6 , while it is a great phone, aside from the bigger screen did not see much difference. I asked the ATT sales person, what he thought of my possibly jumping ship, expecting him to say "dont do it", but he pulled out a Fire Phone and told me "I love mine". That was good enough for me and I made the switch and after a month I can honestly say that it was one of the best decisions that I had ever made. The Fire Phone is everything that Amazon promised and more. The Firefly technology is amazing, and had never had the feared 'freeziig' issues that people warned me of. Sure, Apple is a great product, but sometimes it pays to be open minded and not blindly follow like sheep. If you love the features of the Kindle Fire, you will love the Fire Phone as it does many functions that your tablet can do and more. After thoroughly using all of the features, the only room for improvement that I even remotely see is the artificial intelligence. The artifical intelligence is Siri and Cortana are much more interactive, but you can talk to the FirePhone and it will do most of the commonly needed hands free functions. I never used Siri on a regualr basis, so this is really not much of an issue for me. If you are considering making the jump, take a chance, I love mine and you will be glad that you did. As a small afternote, my wife had been one of the many IPhone fanatics, but after seeing and playing with mine for the past few weeks, she completely surprised me and traded in her I Phone for a Fire Phone as well, so now we are a 2 Firephone family, LOL.
Difficulty getting a replacement for a defective device I received my Fire last Saturday....now...I should probably say that I have upgraded from a Blackberry Q10.....Being a BB nut for probably the last 10 years, you can probably understand how huge of a leap this was for me. I experienced most of the issues that people have been complaining about and for the most part, those issues have worked themselves out in the 10 days or so that I have owned the phone.....with the exception of the microphone issue. EVERYONE has a hard time hearing me if I don’t press the phone almost to my mouth, but I’m sure that is a firmware issue that can be fixed with adjustments to the noise canceling and microphone gain settings. I happen to think people are exaggerating a bit when they complain about the warmth of the device. It does get warm, but it is certainly not hot, and with the amazon shell in place I don’t feel it at all. The OS is smooth, responsive and easy to learn. This was a huge concern for me because I thought the BB OS was the best I’d ever used, not to mention the OS on the Kindle fire that I own (which the Fire OS is based off of) is the worst OS I’ve ever encountered. I had serious concerns about being able to accurately text on the device, but the on screen keyboard is accurate and allows for fluid text and email composition. The dynamic perspective feature is a novelty at this point, but cool to look at and show my friends. So why the 2 stars? My device has an issue with shadows and dark colors. Any app……. Or anything for that matter that is shown on the screen that is dark or has shadows forces the device to display tiny red vibrating dots in the shadows or dark area. It happens even when attempting to take pictures…and in the photos that I receive. I’ve attached an image of my music player and if you look at the album images you can see the red dots. Imagine that on every app, image or screen display. Honestly the fact that something in the screen is defective is no big deal….my issue is that I called about the problem the day I got the phone and still haven’t been approved for a replacement device. There is apparently an issue with approval for replacing defective Fire phones. Considering Amazon prides itself on customer satisfaction and it’s (under normal circumstances) excellent and simple returns policy, this issue shocks me and disappoints me to the core. I had to inform the last person that I talked to that if I don’t get notification of a replacement device being shipped by Friday, I will return the device and go a different direction.
Almost There! It's a Good Phone and With Time Should be a Great Phone. The phone has some great features such as the dynamic perspective which is very impressive but so far very few applications take advantage of it. Firefly is one of my favorite applications, it's very good at identifying music and will identify most other objects. After Firefly identifies something it's easy to buy the item from Amazon. The Amazon Kindle application works well, of course. In general, the phone works well with supported applications. If you like Amazon services then this is the phone for you. If you rely on any of the Google services then this is not the phone for you. Gmail is supported very well but Google Wallet isn't supported nor is Google Drive. It would be very nice if Amazon would loosen up the restrictions on Google based programs. Unfortunately Amazon Wallet isn't terribly useful at this point. It doesn't take advantage of the phone's NFC chip to allow tap-and-pay at the newer registers. Hopefully Amazon Wallet will become more feature rich as time goes by. I've sideloaded a few applications which weren't in the Amazon Applications Store with mixed results. Most work (including Google Chrome) but some don't (like my bank's application). Sideloading is really easy to do and the instructions are readily available on the Internet. The phone is now a bargain at 99 cents. I paid considerably more at the AT&T store. Very disappointing! Bottom line for me is that I came from a Samsung Galaxy S4 and for the first few days I missed the S4. I've come to prefer the external button layout of the Fire Phone. I always had a problem with pressing the volume buttons on the other side of the phone when pressing the OFF button on the S4. I now prefer the Fire Phone because it supports Gmail even better than the Galaxy S4 and because the Fire Phone's method for accessing program options is more logical than other Android phones. For example when in Contacts, the VIP contact list is accessible by flicking the phone slightly from the right (or dragging from the right) and the Contact options are available on the left. It's possible to operate the phone with one hand which is a real advantage after you learn how. The phone has a learning curve and after putting in some time with the phone I appreciate the phone's design more and more all the time. The battery life of the Fire Phone is much better than the Samsung S4. I usually have over 50% of a charge left at bed time. I have blue tooth, wi-fi, GPS, and NFC turned on all of the time. The face and eye detection sensors are much better on the Fire Phone than on the S4. The Fire Phone scrolls text very smoothly which makes reading easier. The screen resolution of the Fire Phone is also better than the S4. The camera on the Fire Phone as many features that the Samsung S4 doesn't have and again it takes time to learn all of them. The camera has several features which I appreciate such optical stabilization, automatic HDR mode, a very sophisticated panorama capture feature, and full resolution burst capture. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future brings for this phone. It's an enjoyable phone to use and I'm betting that Amazon builds on it's very solid foundation.
I am so disappointed in it I had to do some fast talking to get my AT & T rep to let me replace my I-Phone with the Fire phone as my contract was not up. I wish he had not let me. I am so disappointed in it. I love the dynamic perspective but that is about all the phone has going for it. I am an app user and almost all of the apps I had on my I-Phone I can no longer use. Many of the android apps are incompatible. When I find one it will tell me "downloading soon" and it never downloads. So far Mayday hasn't been helpful in figuring out why. I can no longer bank with my phone, check in at hotels or shop at a major warehouse store. I can shop at Amazon. While I have ordered 50+ times in the last 6 months I haven't ordered anything from Amazon since the Fire Phone debacle. Can't wait until I can trade it in.
Blown Away This phone has blown my expectations. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a high quality phone without the expensive price of an iPhone. This phone has many features that make it a force to be reckoned with. For example, unlike siri from Apple, the Fire Phone's voice control can answer questions from "where is the nearest Target" to "What is the square root of 1,986". The phone also comes with the new "Firefly" which enables you to scan price tags and find the product you scaned on Amazon.com for an even better price. This phone is a very good phone, however, I would recommend you buy a screen protector and a case right away. This phone was built gor luxury and durability, but the screen can get scratched easily. I dropped mine and it didn't break, but it did get a little scratch on yhe screen. Over all, this is an amazing phone and I am looking foreward to using it everyday.
Fire Phone is on Fire At first I didnt know if I was going to like my Fire phone but the more I use it the more I love it. It will do anything I want and then some . I learn more about it every day and have not found anything my daughters I Phone 6 can do that I cant . I am very satisfied.
so so I love all things Amazon so giving this three stars is difficult but I have to be honest. This runs slower than my husband's Samsung Galaxy s 5,his phone just seems to zoom unless the battery is below 30% it is slower to download apps as well as loading pages and apps. You cannot download YouTube even after switching to allow outside apps. Not being tech savvy I truly do not know if there is another way.You can watch YouTube in the browser that is provided it's just an added step that is not necessary on other phones. Being that it does really allow for Google apps you my not be able to get all the things you want on this phone. I wanted our local schools weather app but it will not run on this phone. The controls for the phone can be a bit frustrating until you get the hang of them as they are controlled by hand movements and screen movements figuring out to how to go back a screen was a problem at first. I highly recommend watching the fire quick start guide that comes on the phone. The battery life is not great either if you look at a picture it takes away 2% it seems so if you look at 3 pictures you are down 6% and so on.There are some good points the phone looks great, takes decent photos, and the firefly app is really neat. Also it links all your Amazon accounts. The speaker is awesome. The free year of prime is great. But for the cost of this phone if buying outright it is not worth the $500 as it still has a lot of kinks and problems that need to be addressed. However I feel if they would allow Google on this phone and fix the loading speed issue and the battery it would be a great phone. Right now it's just a so so phone which is fine for me but to someone who is really into speed and apps and using their phone all the time this probably isn't the right phone for you.
Good phone only if... I would only use this phone as a door stop. But you can sideload google play and Google apps into the phone. If you do that it's a great phone. I hope Amazon realizes they're missing out on so many potential customers but limiting the phone only to Amazon. For non tech savvy people they're probably not going to love it.
Amazon fire phone is number one in my book!!!! I have had an Amazon fire phone for a year now I am very happy with it I had one small problem which they took care of extremely quick. I have had iPhones and Galaxy phones and I am happiest with this Amazon fire Phone. With an iPhone if you have a problem you have to go to one of their stores or online and you talk to five different people that have five different ideas. With the fire phone you go to Mayday and you have direct contact with the person they take your phone over and correct the problem and show you how to correct it as they're doing it.
OK for Anyone; PERFECT for CURRENT Prime/KINDLE Users Pros: Amazon Cloud at your fingertips. I highly recommend this phone for Kindle Fire/Prime users. The apps/music are already waiting for download and use. Current contracts will be extended by a year (which makes the phone an even better deal) The dynamic movement or perspective has a tricky learning curve and the tutorial from the AT&T was a lifesaver. I honestly thought I'd just turn it off to save battery life, but when the screen scrolled down automatically when I was reading in the browser, I had an ah-ha moment that was "nerdy" cool. Amazon pioneered the cloud feature so it's seemless. Although I consider myself an Amazon superuser, I bought the firephone only because my Samsung galaxy 3 screen was dying. I wanted the next iphone but without any official word on the Apple release date, I was too afraid of buying the 5s now. After having the 12&3 galaxy, I was ready for change. My review is unbiased. And oh the display and camera are top of the line. Better than my ipad. I like that its thick; I think I can hold on to it better this way. Cons: App development. Emojis. Even Samsung has upgraded so emojis can be seen in color lol.I was happy to see an instagram app but highly disappointed not to see groupme or snapchat. I hope developers recognize the potential of growth and the market grows. I dont like recent info showing from messaging and calls on the carousel. I kinda want to show off my device without revealing that private information but at the same time keep the shortcut. Right now I just remove from carousel.I haven't discovered how to customize the sequence of apps on the carousel or if that's an option. The stock messaging app is very basic. The phone is glass front and back. Gets hot after long use. Finally this is model number one. It's a risk because long term we just don't know how substantial the hardware is. I think most of my other "cons" can be resolved with software updates. Update 9/19/14: Now that more than a month has passed,the bugs have came out. The lock screen changes regardless of how many times I select my photo and the option to never change. The price drop so soon definitely hurt loyal Amazon customers who bought the phone within a week of the release! I could have renewed my 2 year contract and not be paying an extra $20 on my bill every month. The smartphone features are still superb but the basic phone features are lacking. The recent call list needs to be divided into received, made & missed; I had missed a call and never knew until days later. Built in blocking capability would be nice (there is an app for it but still). My new music doesn't show up under the music app as being on my device (I actually made the purchase from the music app) but instead I had to find it under prime music and then actually use the silk browser to download it to the phone. My biggest concern is why my screen doesn't stay shut off when plugged in? I wake up to find the screen dimly lit and the phone hot :/ this constant heating cannot be good for the long run. Looking forward to an update that uses more of the Android capabilities for personalization.
Firefly app is wonderful and easy to use It user friendly. I have access to everything that is on my kindle fire. Firefly app is wonderful and easy to use.
love it! If your a fan of the kindle fire like myself you will love the fire phone. I think the firefly app is really awesome, especially when I'm listening to music and want to find out the song title and singer. So far it's really durable. (I've dropped it twice and there were no cracks) It's very easy to navigate especially if your already familiar with the kindle fire. I have read some reviews about there being no back button but all you have to do to go back is to simply swipe up on the screen and it goes to the previous page. All the apps I have downloaded work great. (Actually better than they do on my kindle fire) With all that being said I love it.
Took a chance on this phone - glad I did! I was more than a little nervous about trying this phone after reading some of the reviews but I'm so happy I took a chance on it. (I was definitely swayed by the free year of prime) Navigation takes a little getting used to but it's really second nature now. I love the camera which was also a deciding factor when I purchased this phone. Limited apps can be a little bit of an issue but most of the ones I've wanted are available and hopefully more apps will continue to be added to the Amazon app store. Overall, I love my Fire phone!
Not on fire for this phone Not on fire for this phone. Not sure if I like this phone or not, some days I actually hate it. Buttons on the sides and top are too sensitive, I turn on the camera even when the screen is locked and when I do not want it on. I will accidently invoke The Amazon Fire's version of "siri" but when I really want to use the feature I can't get her to pop up no matter how many buttons I push. Trying to figure which way to swipe and when takes more time that it should on an advanced phone. I have yet to figure out how to program speed dial numbers. The list goes on.
Add in the new price on contract with a year of Prime and i think its a great Fire phone runs much faster and smoother than the galaxy s3 that I replaced. Has all of the apps that I used through google play, and since launch they have already added several features through software updates. Add in the new price on contract with a year of Prime and i think its a great value
Needed a new phone and switched to Fire Phone a few weeks ago (because of price compared to other smart phones). I absolutely lo Long time iPhone user. Needed a new phone and switched to Fire Phone a few weeks ago (because of price compared to other smart phones). I absolutely love this phone. Downloaded Google Play files on it and it is perfect. I have not found anything that I want to do that this phone will not do. Tried Mayday once...nice feature. Love the dynamic display perspective. Unlimited cloud storage for photos. I know they quit making the Fire Phone but I hope that Amazon has not given up permanently. This is a good phone! Amazon, please keep supporting this and come out with a Fire Phone 2. It seems that the negativity with this phone was due to lack of Google Play (not a problem now - just download and install the 4 files) and that everyone compared in to an Android phone (which this is NOT)! I don't think this phone got a fair chance. I would easily buy another one. The ONLY thing I don't like is that accessories (cases) are not available in any stores that I've seen. But I bought a case (from Amazon) and everything's good.
Buy it, you will love it ! Fantastic phone, unbelievable in its scope and utility. I would give it 10 stars if I could.
Great phone. Fast Great phone. Fast. Good hardware and I like the perspective modification for the time and lock screens, etc. I wish the app store had more apps and was more compatible with android software at times... I.e. could not download the Suntrust App - not compatible. I also cant seem to shut off the damn alarm when in the middle of a call... you have to exit the call and then shut off the alarm... annoying. Overall though, nice phone, good functionality, good battery life, good range and signal strength and can run multiple apps at once with little notice of performance lag.
Excellent with a few workarounds I got this for a pittance during the ahem "fire" sale. The hardware specs are fantastic - it is a top-of-the-line Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and a more than sufficient 2 GB of RAM coupled with 32 GB of in-built memory and Gorilla Glass protection. Throw in the Prime Account worth 99$ and I got the phone for free. The grouse of-course was the lack of apps and lack of the Play Store. It took me less than 30 mins to install the PLAY store and install a theme skin which replicates any other Android device - I now have access to almost ALL the apps on the Play Store. You don't need to be technologically savvy for this - it is simply a download and install job. I can't believe that Amazon killed this phone - they should have just released a simple regular Android update and this phone would have continued to sell. The battery life is excellent and the phone has a nice camera. Some gimmicks like FireFly are useless. But this is a solid phone and if you can get your hand on it for cheap - don't even think twice.
Love this phone I really like my fire phone. I had held off on getting a smart phone because they seemed so complicated and I liked the phone I had. However, I have been a Kindle fan for a few years. When the fire phone came out, I decided to catch up with the rest of the world. I am so glad I did!
Reviews: Some work, some don't. This phone got the worse write up of any other phone on the market. As far as I'm concerned, it's the corner of the market. By far, the best on the market. Perhaps a little more expensive then it needs to be, but considering who made it? You gotta make some sort of profit on a product you developed. Awesome phone, Amazon. Now if only you had a bluetooth device that matches the phone in quality and looks as good as the phone.
the default "Silk" browser isn't all that great. But it has plenty of just about every ... My wife loves it. It added a bit to our AT&T monthly bill for data use but it's worth it. I just wish this could run the Opera Android browser. One star off for limited browser availability; the default "Silk" browser isn't all that great. But it has plenty of just about every other kind of software we'd want to use with a telephone, it's easy to operate, and it hangs onto cell towers during travel a lot better than the flip phone he had before. Also, the pleather cover we ordered with it is well designed and quite protective. I read in Time Magazine that the Fire phone is too expensive. Since we paid under a dollar, all I can say to that is: Yeah, right. Uh huh.
Its about the phone, not what Amazon uses. I was reading a lot of comments here for the phone. I realized that most of the comments are about the fact that amazon does not use clean energy. I want to read things about the phone and people experiece using the phone, not how amazon needs to use clean energy. The phone is great, i love it and it still needs a lot of work for being the first gen of its kind. To start, Amazon needs to find a way to get Google APPS. second the start up speed of the phone is kind of slow and it needs to be faster and crispier. over all I like the phone for everything else i can do with it.
Where's my review go? Did Amazon delete it? I wrote a long review about my troubles with the Amazon Fire phone and AT&T. However, it's now gone? The only explanation I can think is that Amazon deleted it. I don't have the time or energy to re-write my review, but needless to say, it has been a nightmare. The phone was terrible and AT&T keeps charging me, even though the account is canceled. Amazon promises to take care of it, but as of yet they haven't. UPDATE: I've made over a dozen call to Amazon and AT&T, but they still haven't reversed my charges--in fact every time I call I get the runaround or excuses. Funny thing is: today a collections notice showed up from AT&T. BUYER BEWARE!
but I've had it for two years and so far it's amazing I'm not sure why this phone didn't do so well, but I've had it for two years and so far it's amazing
Maday is amazing! I accidendly enabled something on my phone, which meant every time I clicked on an app or did anything on the phone it would start talking and telling how the app works! However , I did not know how to disable it, let alone know what it is. But then I rememberd that the phone came with a built in feature called mayday! I had never used it before but when I did I wish I had. They were able to talk you through what has gone wrong and how to fix in in the future, whilst repairing your phone for you!! I was so amazed, and pleased with the amazing free service! Hope fully it will be able to help in the future! Thanks again amazon!
For the money I paid I would like things to work For the money I paid I would like things to work... The calendar does not have the options that I am used to..... some of the notifications does not notify me like I have it set up..... Then I had to download an app just to set ringtones for text messages for certain contacts.... and some of the tones that I downloaded does not work as I save them for contacts......... I have had my fire for about week and 3 days…. Maybe I need to give it more time, but all in all I like the phone
I hate to say this I too was so excited to get this phone....I hate to say this, I don't recommend it at all. The screen freezes a few times a day, so you have to restart it. The fire fly option rarely works. The app store kills me......there is an option to allow outside apps, but the warning is very clear. So I'm nervous to do this because I don't want the phone to crash. The dynamic perspective is great.....if you play games or like looking at the screen saver. It seems the phone has a mind of its own as well, . The mayday button is nice when you can connect,. It's a very frustrating phone to use. You can't personalize it at all, no ringtone apps. No cute little picture to send with texts. No pictures of the kids for background , . Once again the app store is a joke ....yes my books from my kindle are on here, plus, the ear buds that came with it make movies or any audio usage sound amazing, those I love. And amazon prime free for a year, isn't really free, some of the same movies and tv shows that netflix has, for 8 bucks a month, you have to pay handsomely for. Prime does have shows on right away, but I hardly think paying something like 30 bucks for season 4 of once upon a time, not to mention 1 -3 are the same price. Not much of an incentive to use it, I don't feel like I'm getting anything from it. Amazon had a great idea, and this could have been an amazing phone. I really hope they fix these issues, asap.....
the best part. The phone worked for 8 HOURS AND ... Ok, so I bought this phone as a Christmas present for my husband. Previously he had an iPhone. He really wanted this phone. On 12/29 he went to activate the phone. First mistake....I bought the phone in early December (remember it was to be a Vhristmas present) and I was transferring his number to the new phone. BIG mistake...AT&T actually activated his service the day I bought it, not the day I received it (6 days later) nor the day I called to activate it, 12/29. So forward fast to CHRISTMAS. Busy time, so we finally got around to activating the phone. WRONG!!! Even though it remained dead in the box until 12/29, the day we thought we were activating service, DING DONG, time was up on the 14 day buyer beware AT&T says they give you to cancel your contract. Now, the best part. The phone worked for 8 HOURS and suddenly the Fire Phone no longer recognized the SIM card. 7 hours over the two days on the phone with Amazon support and AT&T, and 90 minutes at the AT&T store in person.......ZIP, NADA. Back to Amazon support. Explained everything only to be told that the brand new phone was defective. Supposed to have a replacement phone 2 days later.......again NADA. Back to Amazon support......"oh I see there was a computer glitch," the replacement phone was never ordered. Fully frustrated, I cancelled the replacement, asked for a full refund, went back to Verizon (who I will never leave again), and bought an Android. AMAZON: my hubby really wanted this phone. It's not ready for PRIME TIME. Go back to the drawing table and release it when it has been fully tested and all aspects work properly. Still a huge Amazon Prime customer and lover of every other aspect of Amazon (Echo, Kindle, Music). AT&T: you suck. The most ignorant reps I ever dealt with and outright fraud on the true 14 day Buyer Beware. How can you begin the 14 day timeline of Buyer Beware before an item has been fully activated and tested? They refused to expunge the cancellation fee of $325 and the initial service payment of $126.30. Small Claims Courts love folks like me as defendants.
I see the fire phone like a new emerge of sheaper tech. Im an iPhone user, after beeing blackberry for long time. I bought this Amazon fire Phone for use four days a week, I justo love ir. It cost me $ 150 and my iPhone 6 costed me almost a$ 950. I guess my Apple era is arriving to the end. I really congratulate Amazon and hope they will offer us with many modern devices in next months an years.
I love the pictures and it was great as a spare ... I love the pictures and it was great as a spare when I went abroad. I am not using the actual phone as this was a very cool prize I won at a conference. I have been using the phone as a camera and to use the wifi features and what it allows me to do.
i really wanted to like it. I really wanted to like this phone. However after using it for the last week here are my thoughts. Not worth the $ even with the free year of prime. It is slow to respond at times. Especially noticeable when loading the music player. Since there is not a back button the only way to back out of some screens is to get completely out of them,then go back to where you wanted. Call quality is good. Camera is good, although a little slow. The dynamic perspective is a waste, unless you are really into trying to use the phone one handed. I fell it could have used other features. I have watched a few movies with no issues. The speakers are good. They are sufficient for the phone. If I hadn't thrown away the box accidentally I would be returning it. I do use Amazon often so having that information at the fingertips is handy. The battery life is subpar. Does not last long. Overall 2 starts due to speed and price and application restrictions. It works well for just a phone with email and internet, however don't expect it to support any useful apps. Update After using this for several weeks now I am giving it one star. It is SLOW to load apps, especially music. The phone gets hot when you use it for very long and the battery life is extremely subpar. I wish I could get my money back but alas at least I can earn others. Save your money buy something else. It does work well as a paperweight however...
Love / Hate relationship: Wanted to love it, but hate it I wanted to love this phone. I really did. I'm an Amazon nut, I buy most of my life here, have prime, watch it all the time... hate this phone. I so want my Samsung Galaxy back. Biggest complaint: modified app store. You don't get full Google Play. What does that mean? Well, as of the end of 2014 it meant no plants vs zombies 2, no watchESPN app and much more. Many apps that I had on my old Galaxy are either not available or only outdated, older versions are available (like my xmas shopping list app). Sure, I can access my videos. But I do it rarely because you only want to do that when you are near wifi, which is usually at home, and there I have amazon prime on my roku, fire stick and WiiU. The camera apparently has amazing features that I don't use because they are so complicated. Yes, it takes great pics, but the lens placement means I have to hold my fingers in the air like a queen drinking tea not to get them in the way. And get this, YOU CAN"T SET A WALLPAPER. How crazy is that? What do I love? MAYDAY. They are friendly, fast and helpful... except that often the answer "I know, sorry, you can't do that." PROS: clear photos, easy to use photo gallary, mayday, cloud storage, access to prime videos CONS: limited app store, complicated camera, clock app is lousy, note app is lousy, calendar is just ok, interface is ok - different than other androids but not better.
I absolutely love my new phone I absolutely love my new phone. Adding music is simple and with two different music apps I can listen to my personal collection and the music I get from Amazon Prime. The camera is excellent, especially the back camera it's take crystal clear photos. I can synchronize what I am reading or watch I on my fire tablet and my phone. The free year of prime was also a bonus too. My only complaint with the Fire Phone is that the app selection isn't as large as it could be. But overall great phone and an awesome start.
I Love the Big Screen, but..... I too wanted to love this phone. I love most things Amazon, but not the Fire phone. The battery life is awful; the unit gets hot; and most importantly, I can't use a lot of apps I had on my iPhone. I'm still within the 30 day window and I'm returning my Fire phone today. Other than buying the Fire phone, I made another mistake. I bought my phone directly from Amazon and entered a 2-year contract with my carrier, AT&T. I'd been waiting to enter another contract with the purchase of a new phone. Now, I have to wait 2 years to buy a new phone unless I pay full price. If I'd bought the phone from AT&T I wouldn't have that problem. If you just need to try the phone, buy it from AT&T not Amazon so you won't have the same problem.
If you are a Prime member, this phone is a steal for what it does. For $200 this is a great phone. I bought one to use in Europe as I am on Sprint and had a lot of problems with my Samsung Galaxy phones while there. We have both the Samsung Galaxy S4 and Note 2. Two Galaxy S4s did not work while in France anywhere ever after unlocking International and agreeing to the $2/min or $1/min cost. French SIM cards didn't work either. So next time I saw this phone on sale for $200 dollars, I snapped it up. Going to Europe just got a lot simpler. In Italy in Spring we popped in our Italian nano SIM and we had 20cent/min calling. Until this we would charge up our old Motorola Photon phones and use the GSM only feature. The Photons no long hold a charge and never worked quite right in Italy, it always tried to ask to go Global which meant searching for Sprint service which... doesn't exist there. Killer on the battery. So now, yes, I carry two phones and so does my husband. After using it in Europe, I started learning the interface and became enamored with the desktop and swipe/tilt features. It is very easy to use. It plays all my games without complaint. That it doesn't come with Google apps is a set back but since I'm Amazon Prime I get a lot out of the phone in other ways. After Spring, I ordered a second phone when it went on sale for $189 and got another year of Prime (I love Prime). With the phone I can download the prime streaming for 48 hours to watch while offline. While traveling to Europe, this was great for my daughter on the plane. On the ride back I bought a few seasons of favorites and downloaded them for the flight home. This was not possible with my Galaxy phones as Amazon doesn't support them. (Or didn't at the time) For a good, quick responding phone that I can use in Europe, and play games and videos easily, $200 was an incredible price and getting Prime for a year, really brought the price to $100 because I would've renewed like always, it is a steal. I bought a second a few months after the first and am very happy with it. Too bad that discontinued the phone. I would've upgraded. I have seriously thought about switching from Sprint and using this phone.
Nifty, but not perfect I love the phone and technology, but there are some 'deal-breaker' features. Most disappointing to me is that the Bluetooth technology of the Fire is not compatible with the Bluetooth of my car. I didn't even know there were different Bluetooths! Also, the activation button is actually a raised button, not a recessed button like the iPhone. Now I know why the recessed button is a better feature...the Fire gets accidentally activated whenever I put it in my pocket or lay it down upside down. The carousel feature is nifty, but you have to remember to close everything every time you use the Fire or everything will stay open in the carousel. What this means is you can practically watch the battery drain and the Fire gets really hot; probably not what they intended when they named it Fire. And, finally, I have talked to several customer service representatives trying to get my free year of Prime membership added on to my existing membership instead of a concurrent second membership, but no success yet.
Dream Come True I love this phone! I really do, the only complaint i have is not really a complaint about the actual phone. I miss my emojis. Ridiculous, I know but it's true. Other than that I am obsessed with it. the clairty of the screen and ease of use has all my friends feeling jealous. The graphics blow everyone away and are a huge hit with the gamers in my life. The Fire Phone was an answered prayer i didnt realize I had.
I love the phones just worried about the chargers Has anyone else plugged this phone in to charge it and almost burn your hand on the charger? Please I need to know because if that is a no then both of my chargers need to be replaced. I made sure to charge through a surge protector just in case. Please let me know. I love the phones just worried about the chargers.
I wanted to LOVE it (just as I LOVE Amazon).Really has some great features, unfortunately a couple downsides too. Really wish I could say something better about the Fire Phone, because I really do LOVE Amazon. My primary issues with the phone are: 1) Battery-charge life. Even after minimal use the battery loses a major chunk of charge. I'm not a heavy web surfer, video watcher, song player. I just use it for mostly basic stuff- phone calls, checking e-mails and some pictures. One additional Issue related to the battery is that you cannot replace it as it is enclosed within the unit. If I could get a "new" battery with the hopes that it would be an improved performance I might stick it out, but not the way it is currently. 2) The limitations placed on the phone that you only have access to certain apps. For instance I wanted apps for the local news stations, emergency alerts, weather, etc for my hometown area but get the message they cannot be placed on my phone. After researching this I found that there is actually a block placed on certain apps that are linked/related to certain other companies This displeases me greatly, because I do not like being told what I can look at or use on a device that I personally own. These two issues have caused me to return after almost two weeks of using it (not even using it ONLY. I supplement cell phone use with a tablet, so it wasn't even a full, "hard" two weeks of use. Disappointed more than anything....I really WANTED to love it.
It all started great then.... It started pretty awesome. I was given the opportunity to upgrade my phone and my AT&T store offered me to try the Amazon Fire phone. The phone at first was pretty neat, 3D visuals and new settings, It was a little difficult to find out at first how it worked and it was a bit annoying as there are no return buttons or settings button like the android which I had grown accustomed to. The camera is impressive and I was very happy, but I did not have a way to custom my wallpaper which made me sad :( I liked the way some of the apps were set but the carousel was too much for me as it was in big icons and held information you might not want everyone to view in public. the first thing on my mind was I have to buy a case for this phone as it looks like if you drop it once it could break. Calling settings are pretty good. Although if I use my phone for too long it gets super warm and I have to let it cool down. :( Some apps are hard to find... in the end.... I found out the Fire phone was okay, but just not for me :/
It's really the only good option in today's market You don't understand, I love this phone. I have a brand new son, and I literally bought this phone to cover caching of my priceless pictures of my children. The camera is fantastic. Much better than the turbo's 20 mpixel that has no image stabilization. I am a C.I.O. at a national insurance carrier. I sneak in to sniff new packaging on servers. I love the smell and feeling of fresh hardware. I'm obsessed with the touch and feel of devices of all types; cards, wires, keyboards, mice, mouse pads - there is no end to my industrial design fetish. This is the only device that quenches my thirst on a daily basis. I have had iPhone vanilla through 6 plus, LG G4, Samsung s3-6(edge). I don't even fully understand my attraction to this phone. Nothing compares to it. The simple weight balance of holding it in your hand, the font of the text, the quality of everything - look, I am extremely picky. I keep coming back to it. It's like Ziggy's Gift or the Peanuts Halloween Special from the 80's - nothing compares. I cannot justify getting away from this phone FOR ANY REASON. I had an issue with my first phone, replaced on the SPOT. Issue fixed in the next patch. I had an issue with moisture in my second phone, but couldn't open it to clean it. The customer service is simply unmatched; NOTHING can take me away from using this device. Sprint half off? I'll pay double to keep it. Verizon range? B.S. claim anyway. T-Mobile wireless calling? Thanks, I don't need it - I have service even in Quito, Ecuador while I'm banging my hot Ecuadorian wife. You will not regret purchasing this phone, especially after the newest patch. Nothing can touch it's aesthetics, speed, and feeling of use. You won't need another option for years.
Shitty Hi, i loved the fire phone for the time they cared about the customers that have it. After they discontinued it, it looks like we cannot access to many applications such as instagram!! (which EVERYBODY USES IT) Telegram!! (which i downloaded once and now i need it for work and cannot even access in the app store) plus, there are lots of applications that are FAKE.Like... WTF is TELEGGRAMM. Double GG double MM ?? and when you see it it has the same LOGO from the original app. I cannot watch videos on facebook, i have to copypaste the link and try to open a navigator window to be able to do it. IT SUCKS! The reality is that i regret to have purchased this fire phone and I would like a refund, because it is taking me now to go purchase another phone because the mayday service (which is very good and that's why i am giving it 2 starts) CANNOT help me download those apps, although they tried. So i think it is shitty from AMAZON to do something like this with the customers and i feel like they abandoned me. Simple, short, and shitty. Thank you for nothing.
So close to a really great phone I am torn between 3 and 4 stars. I do love Amazon and really want this phone to be more awesome. However, I like it much more than my iphones and if I leave the Fire I will explore HTC or another Androidish phone. I have had 2 Fire phones - One I bought unlocked, and one that was sent to me refurbished as my first one had some issues. The 2nd one did too and I'm waiting on my third. They have made replacing the phone very simple though and, as always, customer service is polite and actually timely and helpful. As I also use this phone as my home and work number, not having a reliable phone is very problematic. (and my IT department does not love supporting it) I will say that I love so many things about the Fire Phone, but there are definately fixes that are needed based on my experience with 2 phones. These may be issues with the physical phones that I have had which would be bad luck, or issues with the programs: Problems or suggestions: 1) the speaker phone is very low and almost unusable. As music or videos will play louder, I do not think this is a speaker issue, but something about when the phone is on a call. therefore I have to use a bluetooth speaker for conference calls or anytime I need to be on speaker. 2) the maps need a lot of suggestions, but when I try the swipe left - I don't get a screen to report a problem, but rather it just moves the map. A lot of pins are wrong. A lot of roads seem misaligned. However - I love the ability to tilt for extra information. 3) The map should have an ability to lock on the compass at ALL times, it drives me nuts when the turn by turn directions switch - especially as the maps have a tendancy to believe I have gotten off the road and wants me to make a big loop. It is difficult to see the whole trip the way I would like as it Zooms in automatically with no way to adjust how much of the map I would like to see. 4) I do not think the Calendar syncs correctly with Outlook. And the day view is difficult to see as it starts early in the morning and you can't see the whole day but just a few hours. It would be better smaller or give you an option to pick the viewable hours. 5) The apps don't show alerts - like facebook or words with friends. You have to open them to see any alerts. And it doesn't have all the apps I would like. Also, Amazon is good about showing me reccomendations on everything - except in the App store. always open to a bunch of kiddie games that I would never download. 6) The cloud doesn't let you automatically back up things like recordings or screen shots. This would be huge to me. However, it is easy enough to hook up to laptop and drag them into a folder or into the Amazon Cloud. 7) I wish there was an easier lock for the scroll function - I love it - but there are times I am on the web and I move my hand and I am halfway down the screen or more. Also - handing the phone to someone to look at something can trigger scroll - which is annoying. However - it is awesome for reading with one hand!! 8) there isn't a great option for facetime replacement. We try to use skype - but it's not always great. 9) the face recogniton is great - however, the monkey feature doesn't 'see' little kid faces well. My 3 year old loves her monkey friend - but I have to be there to look at him so he stays engaged. 10) The camera was supposed to be better than the iphone - but I dont see that it is. It is still pretty slow and I can't tell that resolution is better. However, it isn't worse. I am by no means a picture expert. I do think that the front cameras capture a more realistic look for skype though - less huge nose or middle of the face spread like iphone. 11) the photolocket is an AWESOME idea - but a little cumbersome to load pics into. If there was an option, like the VIP for contact - or to choose multiple pics at a time that would be helpful. Even if it added to the locker from the picture - but stayed in the pictures. Or could load up the locket from the cloud. 12) Contacts seems to duplicate people and numbers - not very easy to clean up. I wish there was a hide - or easy way to group people better. 13) after I switced from an IPhone - it took weeks for people to be able to text me again. I blame Apple - they irritate me - but I do think a bettr fix on your end would help if people switch over. 14) my IT department gives me flack about not supporting this phone and not having easy resources to debug issues. (however, some of these issues may have been attributable to a defective phone.) 15) when you receive a texted 'contact' from someone - you can't see who it is. you have to know what name it saves under or scroll through your contacts until you find a new one. Things I love: 1) firefly is pretty cool. I have used it shopping several times, found a better price with free shipping and had it delivered to my front door next day or added to Subscribe and Save. I have not had good luck scanning business cards with it or flyers for certain events. 2) I am an Amazon 'junky' who reads a ton and loves to shop with you first if the price justifies it (which it often does). However, the shopping app could be better. 3) I like that I can see categories of pictures by flicking to the left (or right)... is it my left or the phones left? 4) I love love love that you can flip from cloud to device with a switch!!! This is awesome - I love the Amazon Cloud. I hate Itunes. 5) I love that I can plug the phone to my computer to pull off pics and files - however the folder organization is not as friendly as I would hope. The camera pics are not in pictures but in some file called DCIM... 6) It s great being able to access my attachements and docs easily for working away from the office. 7) The screen is a great size and durable as far as I can tell. Much better than the iphone screen. I never had an iphone screen for more than a couple months without a crack or break. I have had the Fire for a year with NO scratching, breakage etc. 8) I love that my charger is USB to Mini - I am so tired of proprietary chargers. i would love the phone to hold a charge longer - or automatically clean up my poser usage becuase I have too many things going on my carosel. however, the mini-usb means I can charge anywhere easily. 9) I thought the voice recognition worked surprisingly well - I just need to train myself to use it more. I kind wish there was just a button that you held down for voice (like a walkie talkie) so that I don't have to figure out if it is ready for me to speak, if I have to push a button to say I'm done etc. 10) it used to allow me to open up Facebook like in Facebook or as a webpage - however I never see that option anymore. I LOVED that option. It let me e-mail myself articles I wanted to read later. 11) It is very easy to back up and reload from that backup if you have to reset phone to factory or to use a new phone ( I have experienced this). I never figured this out well with an iphone. 10) Alarms work well and are easy to set. 11) the carosel and the swip down 'control panel' are great! 12) flipping right for pics when I'm texting is great! 13) Mayday is usually great! 14) I don't know what sync does - it's easy to find though 15) all of the search optios are easy to use so I never have to remember where to find things like 'connect to a bluetooth device' - however I would like to pin some of my common processes to the swipedown menu Overall - I would love to try to stick it out with the Fire phone - however I heard a disturbing rumor that several of the developing group was laid off and that maybe the phone would be phased out. That would make me sad:(
Love It I love my Fire Phone. It is the first smart phone I have ever owned. I decided to get it because I already have a Kindle Fire, and I love that as well. The only problem was when I cracked the screen, I had to get the whole phone replaced as no one could just replace the screen (luckily I had it insured). It was a bit of a nuisance.
Phone for old fogies. This is our second fire phone. I bought the last one for my wife. Unfortunately I had not learned enough about my phone before I bought hers. Because she is curious about how things work, I have learned a lot. This phone will do everything I will need it to do for the rest of my life. I am 70 and I do not like change but so far, this has been a very easy phone to grasp the potential of.
Well made phone with a few kinks to work out This is a good phone. Very Android like. This is clearly the first model of the phone, with some bugs to work out but all first generation models have that regardless of manufacturer. My biggest complaint is the lack of google apps and a general lack of apps - such as Starbucks, Hulu Plus, Redfin - to name a few. I look forward to the app store expanding and the kinks being worked out.
Bad Bad Phone I love amazon. I love their products. I love the Kindle. I hate this phone. Limited apps. I can't even get my att app on it anymore. Do not buy this phone. Unless you like phones to freeze on you while you're trying to make a phone call. If you like your phone to take itself off of silent and go to it's highest volume setting then this is the phone for you. If you want limited apps and glitchy software this is the phone for you. Sure, the swipe up to go back feature is nice, and hidden menus make for a clean display, but that's all this phone has going for it. When I call people on the Fire phone they always have trouble hearing me. Screen will become unresponsive and glitchy during normal use. Battery power is horrendous. When I unplug my phone at 7:00AM I have 100% battery life. By 12:30 It's gone down to 43%, or 35% on days when I use the phone a lot. Silk browser is glitchy. When clicking links on say, Facebook, silk browser not only takes forever to load, but also will get stuck on a previous web page and will refuse to load. The camera is ok, but sometimes when you think you've got a good shot, you review it on the camera roll and the picture has gone black. I definitely do not recommend buying this phone.
This is a great phone, just might not be what people expect ... This is a great phone, just might not be what people expect when they first use it. I've had mine for months of hard use now. It's awesome. Experience: iPhone, Gal 5 Use: phone, apps, reading, watch video, take pictures. I bought the unlocked version for T-mobile and had to take it into the t-mobile store for sim card. They all had a great time playing with it People moan and complain about the battery - just turn off the dynamic perspective. It's a cool feature, but not needed too much. Still there if an app requires it. Just turning that feature off gets me days of use - or about two full movies before recharge. turning everything on, wifi, DP, bluetooth - yeah the battery drops, but not any faster than my iPhone. I like that I can just flick my wrist to get to setup and main features like airplane mode. I remember flying with the iPhone and getting screamed at by some ignorant woman while trying to figure out how to put it in airplane mode. Fire Phone - can't be any easier. Reading? This is the phone to get if you like to read, (or you wish you could still get it). My wife has a kindle that doesn't seem ergonomic for me, so she bought me a Kobo as a gift with the same problem. The galaxy and iPhone sucked for me, too. I just figured I wasn't a natural ereader. I downloaded a free book on my Fire Phone and, Holy Cow! I could actually make the words large enough to see and still have actual paragraphs visible on the page. The phone seems kind of tall and thin when you first get it, but this is perfect for reading. I have stubby thick fingers and can turn pages and hold the phone with one hand. I have a library now and read on my phone every day. Pictures are awesome off the back, with just average selfie pics. Has built in panorama and a pretty cool gif generator. Need help with anything just push a button and a real person pops up. I had to use this with the "dreaded app" problem everyone whines about. Come to find out it wasn't really amazon's problem, but the people that code the apps. Miss an app? Shoot the app writer an email, or you can configure google in setup. It's really too bad this phone received so much negative publicity - to the point they might discontinue. I think electronics reviewers just don't play with the products much, they always subconsciously compare with a known product, and they could also be paid to like certain products. My wife wants to dump her iPhone and get one, but can't. The other options have too large a screen and feel like toys. I'm sure the iPhone 6 is awesome like the last few I bought - really cool for a few weeks until I discover the things I don't like about iPhone. Fire Phone was opposite - wasn't quite sure at first, but the more I used it the better it got. I'm so glad I ignored the negative reviews and bought this $80 phone - use it every day.
I LOVE THIS PHONE - BLEDSOE SAID SO!! If you are on the fence about the Amazon Fire Phone, I encourage you to "leap" forward! The Amazon Fire phone has been a lot of phone.....very user friendly...all the coolest apps are preloaded. Using the camera was soo easy, I felt like a pro! SUPER GREAT PICS and VIDEO production!! Access to Amazon Prime movies is a plus, video streaming is excellent, along with great sound quality!!! The Amazon Fire lets do everything I want to do, with complete ease! Take my word for it, buy this phone!! Get off the fence, and come on over and have some fun with the Amazon Fire phone.
Still in Infancy, but growing. The phone for the most part is pretty cool, the dynamic perspective is amazing and the apps are cool. I also love the maps! It has all the major apps I want but it isn't extremely app intensive like you would find with most androids. Unfortunately, they missed the mark by not using apps like google drive and taking full advantage of the android market. My biggest issue is the constant crashing the phone does. Mayday agents can't even explain the issues. Not to mention it doesn't work with my wireless up band. I love the prime as well, but it doesn't do me much good if the phone crashes during videos, calls and app usage.
Okay, needs more apps available There are a lot of apps that I used on my previous phone that are not available in the Fire Phone app store. There is no Target Cartwheel app, Bank of America app (?!?!) are the two biggest ones that are not available and I really want to use. It syncs with my Kindle Fire, which is nice. It is a fast phone and usually loads everything quickly.
... switched from an IPhone to the fire and I love it. The text size is wonderful for my ... I switched from an IPhone to the fire and I love it. The text size is wonderful for my eyes. The mayday help button gets you help quickly and the tech support is fantastic. It has a voice feature similar to IPhone. You can ask it to search, text And to make calls for you. I listen to music in my car and the sound is so much richer on the fire. I use an adapter and the quality of the music is really good. I could not get that from the IPhone. Picture quality is really good. I absolutely love the alarm sounds that wake me in the morning. Very pleasant. Love tapping the screen to see music lyrics. It reminds me of karaoke. The words that are sung are highlighted. Fire flu is awesome. I don't need shazam to fine out who is signing on the radio. It will tell me about product and movies. Last but not least, I love my prime, where I can view movies and television shows. Video quality is good. I am very happy with the purchase.
Rewarded Without getting into detail this is simply the best phone I've ever had. The one-handed operation is incredible. The Amazon ecosystem is vastly superior to Apple's ( at a small fraction of the cost). All my Kindle Fire apps, books, music and videos are all now on my phone as well. Is there a learning curve, absolutely, but the time invested is well worth it.
Patience Is Key. I assure you they're onto something. The phone is amazing for any individual willing to take a risk and experience something different. I suppose I can understand the dissapointment of those who felt the phone lacked stabilty, speed, and battery life. Issues such as these could discourage any user however walking away from this product based primarily on software issues that with time will not only be improved, but with amazon I believe our expectations exceeded alongside such fixed issues displays a lack of patience and dedication to product. I've owned the iphone 5s, LG G3, HTC One M8, HTC Windows phone, I've even had a few samsung phones. Yet ive never been this impressed. I cant say I believe this phone will take the world by storm oh so quickly but I do believe it's a perfect fit for those who have literally tried everything and found little satisfaction. The free prime membership is a definate bonus and being able to plug into amazons key features is fantastic. Location services and browsing capabilty need clear improvement. My search engines simply arent doing what they could be. However I love the phones ability to be powered by yahoo, google, or bing. The ease of use is really great plus there can be little to no button use if you choose. Amazing camera quality though a little glitchy thus the phone occasionally runs slow. However with confirmed updates being released by the end of the month to fix such glitches and improve battery life i'm not worried. Voice command.. Eh. To conclude. This phone is brand new. Perfection of its system and capability will take time. My advice? Stick with this phone. I assure you amazon has innovative, cutting edge monster like technology on its hands. The Kindle wasnt introduced to rave reviews but look at it now and before the fire phone I wasnt an amazon customer or fan. Ive found my product. Theres simply nothing like it and as it evolves nothing ever will be.
awesome When I first got new phone (the fire phone) I was really happy with it. Email and Amazon were flawless as always and so was syncing my phone with my kindle. But then I looked at the wallpapers I liked some of them but at the same time some of them are dark and some may even describe a few as "creepy" but all in all the fire phone is a great deal with one year of Amazon prime and dynamic perspective. Well done Amazon!
I love the phone and actually use the apps more than ... I love the phone and actually use the apps more than I thought I would. I don't have to take my kindle with anymore on trips because I can find the book on my phone and open right to the page where I left off on the kindle. I only wish the battery would last longer. I think it would not last 24 hours for someone who uses it more than me. Also the camera does not have a zoom that I have found anyway. It is my first smart phone so I have nothing to compare. My last cell phone was just a basic cheap one. This one is much easier to navigate and I learned my way around quickly.
Beautiful phone, but install ALL UPDATES to it before using or reviewing it! This review is about the Fire Phone (2014 edition). Pros: - I love the design of this phone (nice black color and thin/sleek) - It's fast - It's connected to everything Amazon - Good app store - Good battery life - Only paid $0.99 (99 cents) for the phone itself with a new AT&T contract - Phone activation was quick and easy Extra Pros (outside of the phone itself) - Got a free year extension on my Amazon Prime membership - I like AT&T more than my old provider (Sprint) -- better coverage and overall service Cons: - Can't connect to the Google (Apps) Playstore (this is a HUGE con and I will talk about it more later) - Amazon's built in "Cloud Drive" doesn't allow one to easily upload files manually chosen files into their account from their phone Step 1: Activating the Phone: I simply charged up the phone, waited until it was done charging, and then I turned it on to be activated. Activation was not as simple as it should have been because something was trying to use the Wi-fi connection as I was trying to activate it. Eventually, after turning if off and then back on a few times the activation went through. It wasn't much of a hassle, but could've been smoother. Step 2: Manually Upgrading the Phone: This is IMPORTANT! Before doing anything, go to your settings and click "install system updates". Even if the phone updates, keep doing this until the phone says that there are no more updates. Why is this important? Because before I installed all the updates my phone was "hot" and had a few bugs. However, the updates fixed all of that. Additionally, 90% of the one and two star reviews of this phone are before Amazon fixed these initial issues. They're fixed now. Explanation of the Google Playstore: The pros of this phone (listed above) are self-explanatory, so I won't talk about them in more detail. The cons, however, need to be. First, I "hate" the fact that I can't connect to Google's Playstore and install Apps from there. Now I'm not "tied" down to Google, but I miss having more of a selection. I mean a regular Android phone can use both the Playstore and Amazon's app store. I have heard some say that it's Amazon's fault and I have also heard some say that it's Google's fault -- that they block Amazon phones. No matter whose fault it is, I find this con to be a HUGE hassle, and it is the only reason that this phone didn't get five stars. A "solution" to this is to "Sideload" apps by enabling the phone to install Apps from "unknown sources" and manually downloading or transferring the app to your phone. Additionally, some apps are available on the Amazon app store that exist in the Play store, and there are many just as good alternatives on Amazon's. Overall: I love this phone! If you can live without having "native" support for the apps on Google's Playstore, then I recommend this phone! However, if you absolutely must have native support and don't want to "sideload" apps, then this phone is not for you. In conclusion, since I am a huge Amazon fan and am also not tied down Google's Play store, this phone is "almost" perfect for me (four stars)!
Pleasantly Surprised! I bought this phone recently at a great price on Ebay. For the last 8 years or so I have used iPhones exclusively. I didn't need a new phone, but the price was so good I thought I would give it a try. I figured if I didn't like it I could keep the free year of Prime it comes with and sell the phone to make a few bucks. After just a few days of learning the interface, I have to admit... I really love this phone. The tilt to scroll down, the wrist flip to use sub-menus, the instant camera button, all work great. The 3D display is both cool, and functional when using apps like the map, quickly glancing at the time, etc. I am an Amazon-heavy consumer so the phone fits my needs very well. I order items at least once a week, listen to Audible daily, and have a ton of Kindle books and magazines. The built-in Amazon friendly apps are great for me. I'm so happy with the phone I plan to keep it and use it exclusively--I really expected to jump right back to my iPhone. As some have said the App Store could use some overhauling, but I really think Amazon has done a great job trying to catch up the market. The phone comes with nearly every app I use regularly... and honestly, I suspect most folks aged 30+ would be pretty satisfied with the choices of apps available in the Apps Store. I added a scanner app, some social media apps, and now it has everything I need. Since they didn't sell well on Amazon the phone can be picked up at rock bottom prices right now. The battery life is comparable to iPhone... especially after the most recent update is downloaded. The only thing that is keeping it from 5 stars is the limited choices of apps. Not sure why this phone got bashed so hard by so many... I am an Apple fanboy (many computers, iPhones, and Ipads in my home), but now I use the Fire Phone daily and I couldn't be much happier with it.
no problem it was quick and easy to get started and to transfer my stuff over being part of a family plan i got this for myself and passed my old iphone on to someone else in the family. starting up: no problem it was quick and easy to get started and to transfer my stuff over. Call quality and text: i have had zero issues with receiving or dropping calls. i have asked my friends, family and co-workers if the voice quality in my phone calls has suffered since i switched from my iphone and they have not noticed a change at all. less then zero problems with the text. Battery life: not going to lie this was my biggest worry not only has it not been an issue it's actually exceeded my best wishes. even with heavy uses of GPS navigator, games, podcast, music, and general internet uses for a whole day and 6 hours of driving without charging and i was fine for battery life at 48% at the end of the day. Touch screen: I don't really now how to judge this other ten to say i cannot tell the difference between this and my iphone. screen: great display as good as my iphone if not better. Speaker: good quality but hardly in the same class as the stereo if that is what you are look for or something. on the same class as an iphone better a bit better was not as scratchy maybe because of the top speaker but i didn't use the iphone much as a speaker for my music or calls. Camera: love having the camera button. I cannot tell if it is noticeably faster or slower than my iphone in loading up but the picture quality is amazing. Apps: not as many apps from amazon store as itunes or google play but all the one i uses and as it is a android base for the OS i could sideload anything i want including google play but have not used it for anything yet. video: video is great and plays fast for amazon content and youtube. i have yet to really try it on with something else as i don't want to watch much on my phone besides maybe a short funny video to show my friend. amazon feature: dynamic perspective and firefly are fun but don't really and or subtract anything for me. i have to admit i use firefly a lot more than i thought i would to comparison shop this holiday season. Headphone: cool looking and great quality for included headphones. with the magnets in the earbuds and the flat wire these should be standard in all included headphones for any phone. i paid a dollar for this phone and got a year of prime included and the headphone that are $20+ on amazon or in stores. To protect it since it has glass on both sides i got a Cush Cases Extinguisher Series Heavy Duty Cover for $6 dollars that comes with a little kickstand for the phone. so far great buy will update as i continue to own it.
MAYDAY alone makes the purchase worth your money over every other phone on the market!!!! I love my Fire Phone! I was a loyal iPhone user since the very first one came out and was completely fed up with their product and customer service. I was ready for a change and I'm so happy that I switched to a Fire Phone. I am an amazon prime user already so it made sense for me for music and movies, ect. Everything is great on the phone the video, the camera, the firefly, the dynamic perspective, even the battery it's just an all around cool phone. And the MayDay is why I bought the phone. 24/7 customer service for everything you need, I mean seriously! What is not to LOVE!!! No more going to Apple and them telling me it's a 2 day wait to make an appointment with the genius bar and then them just tell me it's a problem with my provider and your provider to tell you it's a problem with Apple and back and forth and back and forth. MayDay walks you through the solution and helps you fix it or find a way around it. I LOVE IT!!! Just push the button and they are there LIVE!!! AMAZING!!!! #1. The apps are seriously lacking I mean really really bad, and you can't even use Android apps they are not compatible so you are even more limited. Google play won't let you access anything from it unless it's compatible with your phone and let me tell you it's not. I'm not a huge app user so I'm okay with it and hoping it will improve over time. No Bank of America (seriously), no Runkeeper, no MapMyRun (and nothing even in the ball park on these), they don't even have Garmin connect so my watch isn't compatible. Amazon is seriously behind in the health movement with this phone and this is something they really need to step up with considering how all the other phones are killing them in this market. And I mean all other phones not just iPhone but every Samsung, HTC, every phone but this one. It didn't have emoticons for a while when I first got it but there must of been an update because one day they just popped up on my phone. So I'm sure they will get the apps eventually but they definitely need to step it up in the app department. #2. The earbuds: they are comfortable, have great sound, cool styling, no problems there. BUT you CAN NOT skip a song while your music is playing, you literally have to get the phone out and skip it on the phone. This is a really stupid design error to me, I mean seriously a no brainer. These earbuds are designed specifically for the Amazon Fire Phone everything works great but no skip song option. HOWEVER, my husband has the new Samsung Note and it works effortlessly with his phone. SERIOUSLY!!!! It's designed specifically for my Amazon Fire but I can't even skip a song and he can double click all he wants with MY HEADPHONES FOR MY PHONE which is doesn't work with at all. Totally ticks me off. I'm a triathlete, I spend too much of my time in the gym, running, cycling. If you are busy with your hands to have to stop and get your phone just to skip a song takes too much time. And I know it's a little thing and I was okay with it until I realized it works effortlessly for a phone that it isn't even designed for. It's just a really really bad mess up by Amazon poor design error with either the phone or the compatibility of the headphones. Whatever it is figure it out, ridiculous!!
Good Size this is a good phone like the size but is a disappointment as that it doesn't have some of the items I want on it, no facetime, no adding ringtones or changing the wallpaper, some of my games, maybe will update some of the items. doesn't slide like it says but maybe that is me, still learning it
Great phone I got this phone from AT&T a few days ago. I was sceptic because of all the bad reviews but I have a 14 day trial to see if I like it. So I thought, what the hell. So far, I love it. Works very similar to my kindle so getting used to it was relatively easy. Also, I have had new phones that go bad quick, I know the process to replace and it's pretty easy so I wasn't worried. This being Amazon's first attempt, the likelihood of it not being 100% could have been high, but so far it's fine. Review online that the phone was dropped and it broke, or apps not being the same from apple (i'm coming off iPhone after 6 years), that's no reason to give a phone 1 star. That's actually really stupid...glass breaks and it's not an apple phone, so the technology wont be the same. If you want apple apps, stick with apple. Ok I'm done ranting. This phones peek technology isn't fantastic but it's fun to play with (like siri). The texting is easy and the guessing what you want to say next is pretty cool. Not all the apps I had on my apple are available, that's true, but there are so many other apps that do the same thing, and most are free, so no big deal. The screen is large, very good colors, and I am finding its a little easier to use than the apple products. Now for switching from apple to android...I was afraid of doing so mostly because of music, but the tech at AT&T explained how easy it is to do, and he war right, super fast and easy. Downloading apps is the same way on android app store as it was on the apple store. All in all, it's a smart phone that works as a smart phone. It's a great phone and I am happy I have it.
Really when I got the phone last year felt happy for the deal Really when I got the phone last year felt happy for the deal, afterwards, all the problems, battery drains out, handset heats up, worst, you will get calls, you won't be able to answer and only way you can talk is by turning on speaker phone, and although you have full connectivity, your calls will redirect to vm. Hangs up easily. Please go for some basic phone rather than this Fire phone. IT will set you on fire.
A real dissapointment I had high hopes for this phone but alas it is a real disappointment. I bought it on the first day or close to it, I knew that was a risk but I had had such good experiences with Amazon's tablets and Kindle that I thought it was a small risk. Wow was I wrong. This is what I don't like: So far the phone has had to be replaced twice the first two stopped working after only a couple of weeks, the problem they both had was that you could not wake them it started as having to push the button two or three times then finally they just stopped waking up. Amazon was good about replacing them but still it was annoying to be with out a pone for three days or so. It seems as the cause of this was putting the phone in my pocket. The much hyped Dynamic Perspective is pretty cool... at first. but after you have had the phone awhile it is really just a nuisance. If you want to see the remaining charge on the battery you have to tilt the phone, but here is the thing the phone has to be able to see your face to show the info, so you can't do it in the dark or on the sly at a meeting. Further more why is it being hidden in the first place? Also having to tilt the phone makes it hard to read in bright light. You can shake the phone to show an abbreviated setting menu and you can flick it left or right to show contextual menus. So this shaking and flicking are not easy to do at least for me. I am not the most coordinated person so I often have to repeat the gesture over and over, this gets some odd looks from passer by and I feel silly shaking the phone over and over. Mayday I have used it twice and both time they "hung up" on me. I don't think I would have had to use it twice if they had shipped even a short instruction manual with the phone but keeping with current practice and this is not just Amazon it is everyone no instructions are sent they seem to think intuition is enough, and perhaps for some people it is, but I like to read then do not do then find out that I just completely messed up the device. This may be because I am kind of old (57) younger people don't seem to have the problem. The feature where you can push the camera button and instantly put the phone in camera mode is annoying because the button is easy to push by accident and up pops the camera. Firefly feature is almost worthless I have tried it a number of times and it only responded with an answer about 10% of the time. Most of the time I have tried it it is because it comes up automatically when you push some button or combination of button which I do accidentally often. SO it has been a couple of weeks since I left the first part of this review and I wanted to update it. I have discovered two new problems with that Fire that really seem completely avoidable. My bank app allows you to photograph a check to deposit it, but of course the Fire does not allow you to do that I have no idea why because my Nexus 10 tablet running the same app which is for a phone not a tablet lets me do the deposit. Second I purchased an UP24 activity tracker and of course it will not sync to the phone using blue tooth which is the only way the UP24 device can sync. Any way the version of Bluetooth is not supported by the Fire. Interesting when I used Mayday to get help they said in a rather snide way it was not an Amazon app then they hung up.
YES!!! For those who got it for $200... YES!!! And yes, this is my first smartphone. A true luxury! And for those of you who dislike it, learn how to use a tech device.. all the tools are here, it just may take some reorganization ;) And I enjoy tinkering :) And smart move Amazon :) I actually was compelled to write this review. Five stars to you! Bravo!!
Excellent Phone Amazon's first foray into the smart phone market is a home run!
Great phone. Picked one up on eBay barely used ... Great phone. Picked one up on eBay barely used with a case for $155. App selection is a little limited but growing. I haven't missed any apps yet, if you know where to look almost any app is available. I find fire os as an upgrade from stock android. I can't see using a screen this size with one hand without fire os gestures. There is a back button, just flick up from the bottom of the screen. Easier than trying to press a virtual button imo. Everything is clean, snappy, and well thought out. I think the majority of bad reviews come from people who are a little closed minded. Give it a chance, and there are deals to be had if you shop around.
