Fire on Fire!! I hate to write a bad review for this phone...but honestly, it is terrible. Not only does it get too hot but it also melted my charge cord and the bottom plug in area of the phone itself...it quit working...imagine that! and I still had 6 months left on my phone plan. I contacted Amazon to tell them what happened, and they apologized but because I had the phone over a year ( warranty time, imagine that as well) BUT they might be able to send me a refurbished one at reduced cost...when I asked "how much of a reduced cost" he told me, $350 for the new one...well, guess what I said...never mind. Anyway in reading some of the reviews I see I should have done that first before calling because the rep said becoming too hot was not an issue with the phone...well, I totally guess it is! So anyway, I feel blessed that my counter did not start on fire. The funny thing is, after I went and purchased a brand new Iphone 6 s to replace this phone (small business, needed to have one) the darn phone started working again, I now use it as a gaming device lol and as a smaller kindle. So anyway, I had really liked amazon otherwise, but feel like they are totally trying to pull the wool over our eyes on this one. I wonder if anyone else has experienced the phone getting so hot that it melted the plastic casing around the plug in area. I would be interested in hearing about it.
Okay for some things This is my first smart phone and I was a little worried it would be too complicated. It is very easy to use and actually feels easier to use than my old slide phone. I don't need all of the features but I am having fun exploring them. I went with the Fire phone because I am a huge Amazon fan and long time customer. The strange thing is those Amazon apps for shopping, prime music and viewing are the ones I never use. I prefer to use my laptop for shopping. I don't want to purchase anything by phone for security reasons. I use the apps for free applications. I use facebook occasionally but noticed the update is very slow and my feed shows posts that I have already seen previously. I have linked my gmail accounts and that works well for two of my gmail accounts, the third does not work as it is through my University and evidently a third party account will not allow access, which is a big reason I bought the phone, so I could access my school email while on campus. Warning: if you link to gmail all of your email contacts will be imported to your phone contact list. I do not like this feature and have not figured out how to change it. It makes the contact list harder to navigate when looking for a contact. I use the maps application and it has served me well. But I purchased the phone primarily to use for my extended trip to Europe and it was useless. Even after AT&T unlocked it for me, I could not use it with a different sim card. None of the applications worked and I ended up disabling everything and not using it at all. If you travel, don't buy this phone, it is useless in any other country but USA. I will be purchasing another smart phone when my contract is up, probably an i-phone that I know will work internationally.
I think the phone will be great, but I have been on the phone with ... I think the phone will be great, but I have been on the phone with att for 3 hours and still can not get my numbers ported. I finally gave up and asked where the closest att store was. I am taking all 4 phones to them and see if they can straighten out the problem. One phone has the number ported but all calls are going to my old phone. The other phone has a totally new number and is the most important. I have got to have that number ported if nothing else. I will update later if they get things straightened out.
You'd be going backwards if you've had a HTC One I am terribly disappointed in this phone. It isn't a bad phone. It does a lot. I liked that I got a year of Amazon Prime for free. It isn't worth it though. The problem is that I don't have the Google Play Store and the apps that I was able to use when I had the HTC One. The speakers are nowhere as good as the HTC One. It looks cheap next to the HTC One. I am still using my HTC One because the apps became indispensable to me. So now I use 2 phones, my HTC wirelessly for the apps and the Amazon Fire phone because Audible doesn't crash on me like it did on the HTC One. I REALLY wish that I had just gotten a newer HTC One.
Fire disappoints. I am a big fan of Amazon, and I use my Kindle every single day. I was so excited to get this phone as a birthday gift, but it falls way short. You can shop, browse, but the battery life is pretty dismal and most of the features are just over rated. Camera is just okay. It said as you read it will automatically scroll down the page but it rarely ever works. Just so disappointed and now I am stuck with it.. Wish I would of gotten a Samsung Galaxy 5 like my friend, that phone is awesome.
The lamest phone every manufactured Amazon fire phone? What a joke... was interested in it and then ended up getting it as a Christmas present back in 2014. It completely sucks! Not only does it crash, heat up, and in general SPAZ out, Amazon doesn't give one flying fudge about updating their apps for their customers. They're not selling the phones any more- why should they care about updating the apps to the 100s of people who were suckered into buying a phone that was WAY too expensive than what the phone was actually worth. I hate this phone so much, and I'm stuck with it until I save up enough money or decide not to feed myself for several years. This review is just to spit on Amazon because even they admit their phone is a complete piece of dung, THAT THEY DON'T EVEN SELL IT ANYMORE! Thanks a lot Amazon. I thought I could trust your brand, but it turns out you're just as cold hearted and disgusting as the rest of the world. Thanks SO MUCH!!!!!
I love my Fire phone I love my Fire phone. It has great connectivity, beautiful graphics. I especially love the screen savers. Please keep new ones coming. It does everything my iphone did. My transition was simple as AT&T was already my provider. Pairing the phone to my car is not possible as UConnect System has not added the Fire phone yet. Do you have any influence in that regard? When that happens, I'll be over the top! Thanks My phone has been paired to my car's blue-tooth system for several months. GREAT PHONE! 5/13/2015
Better than a Kindle and it fits in your hand! I just bought this phone a couple hours ago, and I love it! I don't follow phones or technology much. I use them for work and play. I've been through a number of them over the years. The last few years replacement has come of necessity and I have always found getting used to the new phone to be a pain. Yesterday, my last phone went for a swim. Today I walked into AT&T and bought this phone and have been loving it. First, the service at AT&T was awesome, they even opened the door as I approached the store. I am not used to this kind of service as my previous carrier was sprint. The minute my new account was set up, I was able to find the apps I need, sync Email and even find some of the phone numbers I had lost due to the syncing on Google. The Screen! Wow, this is one of the things I love about this phone, the picture is clear and sharp. Interfacing with amazon has also been fun, everything I had for Audible or Kindle is now available to me on this phone, and Prime too! The thought of watching a movie on my phone used to horrify me, but with the new screen I'm liking the idea. It's small but I could manage to see it even with bad eyesight.
Love my Fire phone! I was told I wouldn't like this phone since I was use to an Android, that it would be confusing. I took to this phone like a duck to water. Being a Kindle Fire and Fire HD user helped. It works like a mini pad with some differences. I love it. I can hear better with it than any other phone although I haven't tried it with my hearing aids in yet. I can't say enough about this phone. I love it, can you tell?
First impression.... Overall this phone is a pretty good phone. However, if you are expecting an Android you are going to be very disappointed. I can no longer use ANY of the apps I was using before. Amazon needs to get with companies like Viggle and Ibota and work on developing an Amazon app. I am not as impressed with this phone as I wanted to be. It is basically a Kindle with the ability to make phone calls and text. If you are an Amazon junkie this phone is for you! I am not quite an Amazon junkie, but I am headed in that direction with the help of the Fire phone. :) I am still trying to figure everything out on the phone, such as how to get my music off my computer onto my phone, so I might be back to update this review. As of right now, I like it, but it wasn't exaclty what I wanted. I already own a Kindle...I don't need another one. If there is ever a way to personalize this phone, move my music over to it, and get some ringtones for it then I will like it better. Maybe there is a way and I just haven't found it yet....anyone have any suggestions? Oh wait, I guess I can hit the Mayday button and get help. Another plus to the phone...help is always at the touch of a button. :)
I like the way I can sync my fire phone and ... I like the way I can sync my fire phone and fire tablet. Perfect for my needs. Only fault I've found is battery runs out quick and sometimes phone feels hot not just warm. This hasn't been a big problem though. Reasonable price. I would recommend this phone for those who want a smart phone but have a tight budget.
Happy Customer I've had this phone for a few days now. I bought the unlocked version and set it up with my straight talk account. As far as phones go, this one is pretty sweet. Add on the free year of prime and it's easily the best deal on the market right now as far as value and quality go. My only complaint is how quickly the battery dies, but all the pros definitely outweigh that one con. It loads webpages flawlessly and let's me easily navigate between all of my apps with just a swipe of a button or a flick of my wrist. I am very satisfied with this phone.
This phone is not bad. I say this not actually having placed a ... This phone is not bad. I say this not actually having placed a call yet. I've been using the thing on WiFi only until the new SIM arrives and I can get cell sevice on it. I got this phone unlocked and at an incredible deal, so for me part of the phone's appeal is the value of the device. After the full year of prime, which I would have renewed anyway, it was very hard for me to say no.I wanted to see what the fuss ( complaining) was about, so I pulled the trigger. This isn't a bad first attempt. Just think about how flawed that first iPhone was. People loved to hate it, but the iPhone got better and now the iPhone is almost synonymous with the smartphone device. The iPhone is our bencmark. We compare all phones to it, and I think that's part of the problem. As this is Amazon's first smart phone attempt, we really shouldn't look at it as an iPhone competitor. Let me just say that I was not an early adopter with this thing. It isn't unique enough to stand apart from its competitors. Since this iteration does not include access to the Google Play store, that has turned some people off. But Amazon's app store isn't anything to sneeze at. It's robust and filled to the brim with all sorts of apps from developers that want your money, some of whom have also put their product I n the Play store as well. I hope Amazon doesn't abandon this project in light of any negative press about it. I'm eager to see how they can improve the phone.
Perfect with fab graphics This phone has everything and more! Perfect with fab graphics. AMAZON did it again. Top-notch phone-gamer-research-anything you need!!!
I wanted to LOVE this phone, but it's been hard. Of course, the link to my Amazon/Amazon Prime account is great - one of the big selling points for me. For perspective, I am coming from an iPhone 4s - I have an iPhone 5C from my employer. I never went to the 5s for a personal phone because I did not see any big advantages, I was waiting for the 6 which supposedly had a bigger screen, one of my big beefs about my iPhone. Cons: * BATTERY LIFE - Another selling point for me according to Ads/Descriptions, but unfortunately, it is AWFUL. I purposely charged it 100% the other night and took it off the battery at 11PM. Used it once to look up something on SILK at 12PM, and didn't touch it the rest of the night. I woke up, it was at 63%. I called Mayday, he suggested I turn off auto-push on my e-mail (good suggestion, I did that on my iPhone also); turn on Airplane mode - NOT an option - renders the phone useless for what I use it for, no phone or internet, it becomes an expensive iPod; turn off Wi-fi whenever I am not using it - this is also a relatively useless solution, I use my phone to surf all the time, it's only a good option if I am out traveling, etc. otherwise I would be turning it on and off every 10 mins; turn off Dynamic Perspective - this is their biggest selling point - why did I get the phone then? * Apps - This has been somewhat a "thorn" with my Kindle also - it's not true Android, so even tho it uses some Android apps, it won't use all, and can become frustrating. The number and range of apps available is getting better, but many I am used to having on my phone are not available, like Living Social. * Bluetooth - Had lot of trouble getting the Bluetooth to my car to work, it's still not as smooth as my iPhone was. I got it connected easily the first time, but the next time I started my car it would not connect, and after an hour with Mayday people it still was not paired/connected. The next day it did pair and connect, but it's not smooth - my iphone connected as soon as I turned the car on, this takes several minutes, and when I get back in the car it does not seem to automatically start where I left off like my iPhone (I use mostly Audiobooks) - I always have to take the phone out, and press play on the app to get it started. * Keyboard - it seems smaller than my iPhone, and there is no way to change the size. I did find if you use it horizontally it is somewhat larger, but not how I usually use it. * Speaker for music - sounds a little "tinny", haven't figured out how to adjust settings yet - if that can be done, it may help. PROS * Seamless connection to my Amazon/Prime account is the huge selling point here for me - free music, video, automatic access to all my "stuff". The phone came loaded with all the apps, books , music and videos that I had in my account. * Dynamic Perspective - this is great, but since I have had to turn it off to get any battery life out of the phone , it's a "wash" * Mayday button - I have LOVED this since I got my new Kindle last year, and I have already used it at least 10 times - no fumbling around for an hour to figure something out, and the help desk people are knowledgeable and friendly. Had trouble connecting at times - not because there were too many people, it just said "not available - try again", but that seems to have gotten better as the days go by. * Size is perfect, nice sized screen without being one of those big monsters which I can't comfortably hold in my hands. * Voice recognition - really good, better than SIRI * Camera button - love having a button to turn the camera on without touching the screen, tho it seems I do hit it by accident quite a few times. I'm sure once I get used to it I will do that less. Still not sure I will keep it - I haven't gotten rid of my iPhone yet. Amazon's customer service is exceptional, and just like the iPhone, I expect they will update the software as the bugs surface and are reported. I am liking it more everyday, as I get more used to it, so we will have to see. ADDENDUM - I've upgraded to 4 stars, the battery is much better today, I've turned Dynamic Perspective back on to see what happens. MAYDAY is still great, and have now been able to add my own ringtones. Slowly but surely... Downloading my music from the cloud on to device is cumbersome, have to do it one song at a time, but they are putting it in as an enhancement request, to do multiple or all, so we will see. I'm sure there will be an update release after a month or so. I'm thinking this WILL work for me. UPDATE: As time goes by, the drama diminishes, and I have kept my Fire Phone. Still disappointed with lack of certain apps, I'm still hopeful that as time goes by they will add more (Google being one, as another reviewer suggested). I really love a lot of features, some others have become a daily annoyance. I still press the camera button, and usually log enough that Firefly comes on, even when I AM trying to use the camera - but on the same topic, I do love having the camera button so handy. All in all, working fine for me, it does what I need it to do for the most part. One BIG issue I am having is with the charging - it just will not charge with any cable but the one that came with it or my kindle, even tho it is standard mini usb. I do have to admit, that now that the iPhone is coming out with the 6 which is pretty much the same size, I wish I had waited. Without my upgrade options, it will be too expensive to switch them now, so I will just have to wait.
All I Expected! It's A Great Phone! The Fire Phone is all that I expected. Of course, I do use Kindle Fire HDX so the phone features were something I was familiar with using. The only difference is Firefly and the Dynamic Perspective. I am also a user of Iphone and Ipads, so I am familiar. The other phones in my house are Samsung's used by my husband and son. Therefore, I do have some learning curve to conquer. This was helped by the Quick Start guide that is on the main screen of apps preloaded. I am an average user of a smartphone. No techie stuff. 1. The phone is a nice size. Screen is bigger and clearer than my Iphone 4s. 2. Most used icons easy to find and even easier if you use the carousel and pin them to the front. 3. The phone keypad is large and easy to see. Can't miss a number here. 4. You can swipe to get to the quick menus on right / left/ top of screen or use the tilt built in. Left menu gives you quick access to your phone rather than hunting through icons. Right is like an information menu. On my main page my weather shows up here. I know there can be more. 5. I have read many reviews where people complain they cannot get the tilt function to work. I had no problem once I watched the quick start. Holding in your right or left had slightly tilt your hand/wrist to the left for the left menu and then tilt back to the right to close. Same procedure for the left menu, tilt right slightly and then left. For the top menu which has your quick access to settings, wireless, flashlight just like the iPhone tilt your wrist forward to open and then back to close. For me this was more like a quick flick handshake. As I stated watching the quick start helps. Problematic? Just use the swipe from the top / left / or right as you would other phones. 6. Firefly. No, it does find everything but are you watching tv. Find that infomercial interesting. Use Firefly. It will capture that phone number or web address that is so fleeting at times. Same use if you are walking down the street and see something interesting with a phone number attached. No digging for a pen. Just turn on firefly and it will capture it for you. I tried it to search for a tv show while watching American Pickers. In about 10 seconds it found the show, the episode, date first aired. Trying on some older shows it could not find. Oh well. It is supposed to work to identify music, tv shows, and movies. Also, it does identify barcodes. Tried this at a Walmart for a toy. Identified and gave the Amazon price etc. I don't think yet that I can just point it at an object and have it tell me what it is. It is a phone after all. I am anxious to try it on music when I know the song but not the title or artist. 7. Dynamic Perspective. Kind of cool. The daily screensaver shows day, date, and time plus this photo is in 3D for the dynamic perspective. On Maps it you tilt it will show you nearby restaurants etc if you are in an unfamiliar city/town. In your photos if you tilt and have dates attached to the photos it will show you when the photo was taken. Kind of neat if you have a short memory or older photos. 8. I have had no problem with the phone getting hot. Although I have had that problem with my computers and my Kindle Fire and iPads. I think this is more of an air circulation problem. Ie: holding device incorrectly or as with my laptop and other tablets l a lying on a place without proper air flow. Battery life is good if you use it as a phone and not your main play thing. My phone stayed charged for almost 3 days in standby. Used for a few text messages and normal calls for me. Yes, Amazon Apps are limited but you can choose to let the phone download android apps from other sources. Will they work, that is questionable because of the OS. As my husband said and he does not use his smartphone for much more than calling, the apps will be created with time just as with other devices. Do I like this phone? YES.
great phone I was Leary of purchasing the fire phone but having a kindle and liking it I went with the fire. The system is different than Android but it's very fast and very advanced. I would have given it five stars but I have only had it two weeks. Great phone!
Very pleased I was very much please in my choice. Although they don't have call blocking it was afar better choice as per say for screen size and the 3D effect is nice. And the 4G is super fast. As compared to my old phone.
Love this phone! I love this phone, don't agree with a lot of other reviews I've read about it. It's great in many ways! I've seen a lot of complaints about navigation through this phone & I completely disagree, the swipe maneuvering is so simple & nice, I really love this phone!! The only thing I would change is the apps that are available through Amazon, many I want are not an option but overall very happy with this phone :)
Love the Monkey and owning the Fire Phone AKA "entertainment in the plam of your hand" The “it’s a new tech toy” and I have to own it never grows old for me even in my senior discount years. No discount on the phone except for a year of Prime which I gladly accepted! Short answer I am adjusting to being without my beloved iPhone 5 and have moved on to a new love the Amazon Fire Phone. Amazon customers already owning the Fire HDX will open the box and feel like they have a smaller version of the Fire HDX when they see the home screen. The Fire Phone is entertainment in the palm of your hand. Sometimes as an early adopter I get a little crazed during the learning curve but when all else fails I am able to call “Mayday” and all is right with the world. I am still slowly working through getting used to using the phone and accepting that I cannot be an expert overnight and maybe never. I did feel a little comfortable when I opened the box and turned on the Fire Phone as the home screen looks like the Fire HDX except for the cool new features. I love that many of the features such as the Carousel gives additional options such as when the app is on the Carousel you can look beneath it and see what you looked at last within that app. This was super when I went back and forth in the Search and Fire apps these past two days. I spent time going through all of the settings and turning on/off my preferences and adjusting my fonts etc. Somethings I could not immediately find what I was looking for but once I read through the longer version of help I was able to find the solution. My precious books were waiting as soon as I activated my phone. Sadly some of my Amazon HDX apps did not make the trip across. When I emailed Amazon they said they are working on app availability for the Fire Phone. I believe this to be a work in progress as the same thing happened when I moved from the Fire to the Fire HX but seriously I have to have the real Scrabble and not that other word game like Scrabble on my phone. My Prime Music took manual downloading instead of appearing automatically so that took a bit. I was surprised there could not have been an instant button to download to the device to save time. I did notice the battery running down faster than the battery on my iPhone. Lucky for me I have external batteries I take in my handbag when I will not be in the car or able to plug and charge. Casual thoughts: Verbal commands for messaging and email work great and the Fire Phone understood me without me having to repeat twice. Email is a dream with quick response time and seamlessly putting frequently used names or contacts in the “to box”. Map program is fine for directions and gave me extras when I moved the phone around (I did this when I was seated in the house not while driving). Bluetooth works great and smoothly. My husband had to help with the pairing when I hooked the Fire Phone to my external speaker system in the kitchen since it would recognize the phone initially. The sound was great (we even took a twirl around the room) The camera app took a great picture of one of my cats which I added to my home screen. I used the tools that came with the camera to enhance, crop etc. I did not need an additional app to edit. Most of all taking pictures is so easy! Speaking of pictures when you add cards to the Wallet app you can take pictures of the front and backs of the cards along with scanning the numbers. I was happy to see my monthly issue of a magazine this morning on my Fire Phone but I needed assistance to enlarge the view and read sections of the magazine. With Mayday’s help all is fine again—thanks Caleb! He stayed on the phone let me practice with him to ensure I could enlarge and decrease the area I was reading. Three taps...not just fingers. I ordered something from the Amazon store…no surprise there and also ordered something from an email attachment with ease. Firefly recognized one item but not another by picture only. Firefly did fine as a QR reader. I love all of the new features but my favorite new friend is the Monkey Buddy. Yep he keeps taking my picture and throwing it at me but sometimes he draws a heart around it. When he is nice he gets extra pets and a banana. He is a great way to become comfortable with using the phone’s features. Smart idea Amazon :) Keep in mind this is version one of the phone and if you are fine being an early adopter in an ecosystem you already know and enjoy the Fire Phone is a nice addition to your Fire and Kindle family.
I loved my Fire Phone I loved my Fire Phone!! I had mine for 2 years and it was wonderful! But, it did wear out and now I can't get a replacement. I got a Galaxy Note 5 and HATE it!! The phone decides when it wants to work and what I can use when it wants to let me. Won't even update my email unless I do it manually. JUNK!! Bring back the Fire Phone. I'll buy one tomorrow.
Better than a Galaxy. (Revised 2014-08-28) I will start by saying that I am an Amazon Enthusiast; I love Amazon services and how the phone integrates with them. Before the Fire Phone I had a Samsung Galaxy 3, and have also had iPhones and Blackberries in the past. I have had the FirePhone for over a month now and like it. The phone is well polished. All of the stock programs (email, contacts, calendar, camera, weather, messaging, phone, photos, as well as the "settings" menu) are all extremely well done and are **better** than the corresponding stock Android programs. I use these programs the most, which is why I will say this phone is better than a Galaxy or other stock Android phones. In particular, the email, camera, and weather programs are a great deal better than the corresponding stock Android programs. (In particular, email search on the FirePhone is better than on my Galaxy which increases my productivity.) The camera is extremely handy, one-button access even when the phone is locked, and picture quality is very good. Similarly, FireFly is great and can be accessed via button from a locked phone -- I use it frequently for music identification (Shazam / SoundHound) when I might not have time to both unlock the phone and get to the right app on my Galaxy. It also reads QR codes (in addition to just about everything else). The Maps program is better than I initially thought it might be. Competition here is quite high, as the stock Android navigation program is extremely good as well. Amazon's "Maps" program has destination search (ie, search for "Space Needle" instead of typing in an address), including voice search that works well. This makes it comparable to Android's "Maps" program, and possibly better than Apple's. The UI for Amazon's Maps program is more aesthetic than using Google's navigation, and similarly provides turn-by-turn directions. The quality of directions seems fine to me over a few dozen journeys where I have used it, although I suspect that the Android directions are better due to greater usage and thus more data to feed back into their system. I can say that Amazon's "Maps" does not cover all of (or any of?) Europe, as the stock Android navigation program does. The look & feel of the FirePhone is as well polished as the stock applications. The UI is not as configurable as an Android phone, but given how well things work, that is just fine with me. I was not excited about having to configure the Galaxy to get rid of junk programs -- no need to do that on the FirePhone. Scrolling and general device navigation seems better than on other Android phones, basically on par with an iPhone. I find the FirePhone to be more fun to pick up and use than a Galaxy. Kind of like an iPhone in this respect, but without being locked into the over-restrictive iPhone ecosystem. Voice dictation for text entry works *really* well -- better than on my Android phone which is surprising. I use this a lot. The Amazon Music, Video, Books/Kindle, and Audible applications all work well, using these on the FirePhone is simply better than on a Galaxy. The phone hardware itself is aesthetic - the dimensions, color, finish, etc all look good. The screen dimensions are just narrow enough that I can reach everything with my left thumb. The Fire Phone is a few millimeters thicker than the Galaxy, perhaps one minor thing to make the device seem clunky (particularly with a case). The device is a few grams heavier than other phones as well, but that doesn't bother me. The camera program is also a significant step up from the Galaxy 3. It is fast to load and generally responsive, and the colors look better to my eye. I was able to take multiple photos per second by pressing the shutter button successively, and I love that the program is always available by clicking the button on the side of the phone. A few key tips that I learned: * There is no physical "back" button, but you can do the same thing by swiping up from the bottom of the screen. This, in combination with the "home" button, work well together. * By default the device has a "clean" look with very few characters, no time or battery indicators listed. Tilt the device to one side or the other to make these widgets show up - this is one example of how Dynamic Perspective helps to make the device clean looking and fun to use. I ended up going into Settings to turn "on" the display bar (Settings | Display), so that I always see the time and battery level. (Use Mayday if you want help configuring this.) * Tap the button twice quickly to scroll through active applications. Swipe applications up to close them. * "Mayday" is always available. I LOVE THIS!! Any time I have a question about the phone, an Amazon is one click away from answering it. This is a bold move by Amazon. If my Galaxy had this functionality I would have used it continuously to complain about a ton of minor glitches. As I remarked earlier, the Amazon phone is better polished than the Galaxy which makes it possible for Amazon to provide this superior level of support. * When you shake the phone, it goes to the settings menu. I turned this off ("Configure low motion settings" from the "Display" menu, or just use Mayday to ask an Amazon agent). This messed up my jogging program... I would look down and see "Settings" instead of my exercise progress. To be sure, there are a few kinks along the way - here is what I have found so far: 1. I could not find Prime Playlists in the default Amazon Music app. I used Mayday to ask where it is - they had me download a different application called "Amazon Prime Music" from the app store. It is not integrated with my music, but this is a newer program for Amazon and I imagine they will fix it in the next few months. 2. Some programs are not available in Amazon's app store. For a few of these, I was able to move the program over to the Kindle Phone from my Galaxy as follows: (1) install an "APK Extractor" program on the Galaxy, (2) choose the program to move over and extract it, (3) email the APK ("*.apk") file to the FirePhone as an attachment, (4) get the email on the FirePhone and click on the attachment to install it. This may not work for all programs, particularly those that utilize Google's services, but it does work for many of them. 3. The phone gets hot with heavy use. 4. At one point I lost my GPS signal while using the Maps program -- I assume that the phone got hot and thus turned off this energy-hogging-heat-generating functionality -- but it was not entirely clear for sure this was the cause. Just happened once on a hot day while the camera was in the sunny dashboard of my car. Overall, I'm quite happy with the phone.
This phone is amazing. I really like the interface and functionality This phone is amazing. I really like the interface and functionality. I do wish the battery would last a bit longer as I can only get about a day and a half out of it but I use it a lot. I also wish there were more popular apps for it like Redbox, etc. Overall I would recommend this phone.
Great device for regular and power users Really like this phone. It feels like it's between devices from the big three in that you get the best of each once you learn the device. Plus, go to developer options and it opens up straight Android to power users. Great little device.
... used this phone for 2 months and am very satisfied. Keep unwanted apps deleted off the homepage and ... I have used this phone for 2 months and am very satisfied. Keep unwanted apps deleted off the homepage and the battery is satisfactory.I like how the homepage is a widget for my text, notes and calendar. I think most negative reviews are from people who don't give themself time to get used to it. Would give it 5 stars but the camera is only average.
The best phone I've ever had! Love, love, love my fire phone!! I charge it at night only. Usually the battery isn't even low. It has so many great features. Love the 3D screen. I'm thinking of buying another just in case mine gets dropped. I can say I don't think Amazon did enough promotional advertising for this phone!! It's the best phone I've ever had!! I would recommend it to everyone. All my friends think it's cool too! And I'm not a kid. I have adult kids. Please don't discontinue this phone Amazon, it's awesome!! Promote it again, but better. Someone up in Amazon didn't do they're job very well!
Best phone for people needing one hand operation for majority of the time I have no idea what critics were thinking, but based on my usage for a day (public transit in nyc) and also my wife's (she has to juggle household chores and our 4 month old son) the one hand operation of this phone simply blows away my galaxy note 2, nexus 5, galaxy s4. Dynamic perspective is good and while firefly was effective but did not have lot of use cases to test it out yet. Few cons that I have witnessed is the heat generated by the phone. My wife believes iphone and nexus are also similar to fire phone in this aspect, so atleast it does not seem too bad in this respect but compared to Samsung it is still bad. Other big one is the obvious lack of google's native apps, but the incredible speed of silk browser, kind of balms it over. Overall a very nice phone with people needing one hand operation. ######## update after 3 days of usage. ######### I have upgraded rating to 5 star. We managed to get some google apps side loaded and the heating issue has also subsided somewhat.
Perfect for me As someone who owns kindles, a kindle fire, and this phone; I am more than happy that I switched from the iPhone. Like the kindle fire it is initially limited. However as a android platform you can adjust its functionality without jailbreaking and voiding warranties.
I like the phone it's takes some getting used to but ... I like the phone it's takes some getting used to but I always expect that.. Amazon did and amazing job with the dynamic perspective.. It's even a little sleepy how it follows your eyes on the lock screen.. the only cons is it doesn't have some apps I want.. and there is not led indicator for texts and notifications.. both minor problems but over all well done Amazon.
Good phone We have been really happy with this phone. We are an apple family so this is the first android based phone and we have a bit of a learning curve. We purchased this as a work phone for my husband to give him some privacy on his personal number. The ringer is loud enough to be heard, the usage is very user friendly and set up took very little time. All in all I am happy
DEAR G_D THIS IS THE WORST PHONE IN THE WORLD - it needs NEGATIVE 5 STARS UPDATED 12/2015 I'm now on my 2nd phone (replacement) because it is such a piece of garbage. Nothing works right and tech support has basically given up on any form of assistance because even they know it is useless. I have stopped counting the hours I have spend trying to fix issues with my apps, texts, phone calls, contacts, ... every feature on the phone ... and all I get it "do a factory reset" for an answer. I've done no less than 15 in the past 3 months. I have multiple copies of the same contact that can't be removed and I can't play music from the AMAZON MUSIC APP - which I pay for since all of my music is connected to Amazon through Prime. There are really no words to explain the nightmare that is the Amazon Fire Phone. Original purchase date (10/2014) Although there's still a lot of things to figure out - and I definitely needed the tutorial and user guide book- I'm overall very happy with the phone. It's got some great features but requires a lot of playing around to figure them out, mostly accidentally or (again) referring to the purchase guide book. My only big complaints are the lack of apps (especially my mobile banking one which isn't compatible with Kindle), and some internet compatibility issues (my work email-I can only read emails, not reply). A word of warning: if you purchase the phone through the promotional deal with AT&T, be advised they don't seem motivated to move these phones. I was repeatedly tried to have my mind changed to a different model and the sales team completely screwed my promo plan up. It required a month of fighting with AT&T to get everything taken care of. Thankfully, Amazon fixed a portion of the problem for me with one simple email. My hope is that Amazon will continue to update the operating system as time goes on and set of just giving up on the phone altogether.
There are some good features like durability I have dropped my phone many ... I have had my fire phone over 1 1/2 years and I am not a fan. There are some good features like durability I have dropped my phone many times and my screen is fine, but the worse feature is the Amazon app store they do not have any of the new apps and no more fb updates no snap chat and now instagram isn't working. Amazon you really need to step your game up.
dissappointments out wieght good points!!!!! I'm sure others have the same gripes, the biggest being no google apps! I wonder how Amazon would feel if google were to not allow amazon apps to run on thier site? The time spent on the gimmicks the phone has would have been better spent elsewhere as to productivity! Pros: camera, firefly, mayday, and prime. Cons: no good protective all purpose case for phone,oem's are limited to 2 choices, neither which offers or provides ironclad protection, just good looks. All other offers are a crap-shoot at best. Inconsistency of gesture movements, no games that really show off the highly touted graphics, playing with a monkey is stupid, childish, and ignorant! That was quickly deleted. Phone has a long way to go and many revisions to make (especially access to all google apps and services), if it wants to stay in the game! Do I like Amazon? Yep, very much, but they are trying to be to much like Apple instead of being better than them, phone only sold through Att, as an example. Will they listen and try harder to get it right on the next fire phone release? Time will tell, I hope so because if not, I will be buying a new android phone from someone else if they dont! Hope your listning/reading Amazon.....are you?
amazon burnt fone freezes up, sorry ass battery life, looses my audio library, still waiting on mayday and the (techs) to tell me why it won't sync with my truck, it's no iphone not even close all in all a giant disappointment from amazon
Prepare for disappointment I wanted to love this phone. 5 replacements later and I still want to love this phone. But it just keeps disappointing me. Freezes constantly, apps don't work half the time, apps very limited (no snap chat, google translate, etc.), firefly only works half the time, can't make calls most of the time, texting doesn't always work, randomly resets itself whenever it feels like it, the list goes on and on. The only redeeming quality on this phone is the camera. It has an amazing camera. But a smart phone that doesn't text and call and use apps is just an overpriced digital camera. If I wanted that then I would have bought a digital camera. And that dynamic perspective thing is not worth 600$. Wish I could trade this phone for a phone that actually works instead of constantly trading it in for new disappointments.
Very Happy I purchased the Fire Phone! I still have yet to understand why there are so many terrible reviews on this phone, I only purchased it went it was selling ultra cheap because I was so discouraged by all the bad reviews. I must say that I'm very happy that I did eventually take a leap of faith and purchase it on Ebay... as its one of the best user interface hands down on a phone I've owned prior. I have had every single iPhone from the first generation up to the 6 and I prefer this phone overall. The screen is bold with great vibrant color and depth. Icons are super cool and very life like. My pet peeve like a lot of other folks is disappointment that the phone doesn't play too nice with the google store but considering I love everything else about the phone I could live with the limited app sellections. It seems as if amazon has now discontinued the fire phone, I just hope they will continue to support it with future updates.
Seriously??? I love Amazon, I hate this phone. Every time I try to place a call, answer a call or open an app, I have to clear pop ups or decline an "update" for an app I don't even have. I contacted support to get help to no avail. This thing is going in the junk drawer.
Great phone, but will not invert screen/text color Really wanted to like the phone, but it would not do "invert screen colors" for me. I verified with Amazon; will not do it. You cannot change a white screen with black text to black screen with white text. For people with sensitive eyes, this is very important. So, I had to return the phone. It is obviously built with quality. Camera definitely beats my older iPhone 4. Nice screen. It did get rather hot when I was charging it the first time. But yes, I had to return it.
This is the best phone I have This is the best phone I have! I have used the IPhone, Samsung, and Windows smartphones, NONE of these phones comes close to the Kindle Fire phone!!! Waiting for the new Kindle Fire phone to come out? Every feature on this phone out does the others' browsers, excels in clarity, and sound with all its features!
save your money The Amazon fire has many great features but then again lacks at the same time. Device does not navigate easily like your Android and Apple equipment. Poor battery life even after OS update and with location services turned off. I had much higher expectations of this device but became highly disappointed after my purchase. I should have went with the S5. Dynamic perspective Amazon prime fire fly are okay and Mayday as well but nothing else about the phone for the price is appealing. My device sometimes just shuts off for no reason and last time I was on the phone. My LG Flex and all Galaxy devices have stood the test of times with much better apps navigation I mean I can go on and on. A screenshot was the hardest thing to do and the Mayday tech had to ask around after she and I had been in the session for like 10 or 15 minutes. I've seen worse devices so that is why I'm generous with a 3 star rating plus I like Amazon as a whole but take this device back to the drawing board. When it's your 1st and premier device you need to come core correctly or don't come at all.
I love the Kindles and the firestick I love the Kindles and the firestick. I was so excited to get this phone. My first Fire Phone had many problems, Amazon quickly sent me a replacement. I love how Amazon always stands behind their product. BUT the new phone has a few problems as well. When I have a new text message, if there is a previous conversation that had 10 threads, the phone tells me I have 11 new messages. Also, the bluetooth doesn't work well with my subaru. A conversation will flip between the phone and the car. The screen is crisp and colors are vibrant. I am keeping the phone, because the benefits (amazon prime) far outway the con's. Keep working on it Amazon, it will be great soon.
Customer service is excellent and the operating system is user friendly This phone has worked really well for me so far! Customer service is excellent and the operating system is user friendly. The only disappointment is the battery life but I guess that's a problem plaguing smartphones of all stripes. Since I already use so many of existing Amazon services, the Fire phone turned out to be a great fit.
I Rushed to judgement > Mistake OK>> OK... I must admit when i first got this phone i was not crazy about it.. i went online and got another one... was not crazy about that... so i pick back up my fire... and found a way that took me two days... don't know electronics... but i put google on phone and i'm as happy as a pig in trash... it works great... pictures are the best movies are great... and how can you not love the idea of free storage of all those millions of pictures you take... i'm happy i have the phone and sorry i was in a rush to judgement... this is my opinion and i'm sticking to it... good luck...
In my opinion I think Amazon phone is really good phone for whom were already bored with original Android ... After 1 week of using, I ended up returning it. In my opinion I think Amazon phone is really good phone for whom were already bored with original Android platform or iOS. I like the User Interface (because it's new and only Amazon offers it). And sadly that is all I can say how much I like it. Here come the cons: 1. If I am who in charge in this product. I would immediately deny or disagree with "Dynamic Perspective" project. This project is just for fun, for kids for teenagers and not for adults who shop on Amazon. Waste of time and battery killer. I played with it for like 1 hour then turned it off right away. 2. 4 more cameras in the front? Oh man if those cameras just for Dynamic Perspective and cost more money then it's just piece of trunk. Sorry but I have to say garbage. 3. Firefly is a good starter and not stable not accurate right now. 4. Pricy very pricy. For that money I would wait for iPhone 6 incoming next month. Conclusion: sorry Amazon. If you want to try it, go ahead and buy it. You have 14 days to try because I know for sure you will return it. 3 stars are right and fair game. Would get 4 stars if the price is not that high. For that price Amazon can not compete with other known well-make smartphone companies out there.
Great for me The phone is great. The way the screen seems to follow you in an interesting feature. Most android apps work fine with the phone. I use it primarily for business, so I don't have any complaints.
Both of my girls (ages 17 and 13) love them so far We now own two Fire Phones in our household having switched from iPhone 5C. Both of my girls (ages 17 and 13) love them so far. My only complaint is the fact that all of the purchased kindle books show on the carousel. I wish there was an option to remove that feature. They have not had any other issues and the phone seems much sturdier than their previous phones. Obviously, you have to purchase the apps through Amazon, but so far, they have not found anything they could not get. I am not sure this would be good for business use, but for teenagers, it is a wonderful phone!
I find the Fire phone very easy to use and navigate I went from an IPhone 3 to the Amazon Fire Phone. I find the Fire phone very easy to use and navigate, I am just really disappointed in the limited number of apps that are available. I can't find my medical group or my bank in the app store. Also the variety of games is very limited. Other then that it's a great phone.
In Fiery Love Such a great smart phone. All of the technology of an IPhone with the user friendliness we all love from Amazon products.My husband (an IPhone guy) and I (a Droid girl) both just got one. We love it so much more than our last few phones!
UGH!! I really love Amazon and love my multiple Kindles. That being said when the Fire Phone first came out I was super excited. So naturally I had to get it. Since I have multiple Kindles I understood the struggles of not being able to have all the apps that you could get with an iPhone or with Android. I was more than okay with because at the time I was able to have my USAA CapitalOne Geico and Facebook apps. That was all I needed. I have had the Fire Phone for over a year now. At first I was really happy with it. I thought the only problem I would have is spending to much money on Amazon because the shopping app was so easy to get to and to navigate. Well after a few months of having this phone I have lost my Geico app without any warning. Since I had the Geico app I didn't have hard copies of my insurance cards. (I know that's my fault but thank goodness I didn't get pulled over) Then after a year CapitalOne decided not to support an Amazon app anymore. At least they gave me a warning on that one. Now on to my USAA app.... According to USAA the app needs an update but when I go to update it Amazon doesn't allow me to. Also the Facebook app keeps freezing up. Needless to say I have only kept my USAA app on my phone.I absolutely love Amazon and my Kindles but I am no longer a fan of my Fire Phone. Which makes me sad because I really wanted it to be great. Really Disappointed.
CORRECT THE AVERAGE RATING BY DELETING THE SPAM!!!!!!! I DON'T OWN THIS PHONE, BUT MOST OF THE REVIEWS ARE FROM A SPAMMER GIVING ONE STAR. DON'T LOOK AT THE AVERAGE STAR RATING, IT IS MOSTLY SPAM FROM A TROLL.
I liked my first kindle I was wondering why they didn't ... I liked my first kindle I was wondering why they didn't come with a phone. And there it is a few years later..it takes awhile to get used to cause so much different than any other phone. But I'm finally getting used to it..just using my old phone for apps that I can't get on the kindle phone..wished that they could increase the size of font n the texts..
If you like your Kindle fire, Amazon prime and Echo this may be the phone for you. This is a great phone for me. It does what I like to do. I do think it may take a learning period but it has many unique features. It especially works well with other Amazon products.
It's a very solid phone has a good weight to it I was weary at first due to it not being on the Google play network. Then they offered it for .99 cents and I had to get it. It's a very solid phone has a good weight to it. I don't like that the phone id's made of glass. I feel that if I drop it it is going to shatter. So what I'm saying is get a good case. Dynamic perspective is really cool. But that's it just cool I see no benefit. The easy store stuff is pretty neat and works really well. Makes it convenient. Takes gorgeous pictures. Fire fly is awesome and cab identify so much s***. The app store is very limited but it's not the end of the world. I was able to get all apps I wanted or comparable to. Except for time hop and snap chat. You can download snap chat from the site and works great. Some if the apps are a little winery like face book and silk browser. But it is a new phone with a new os there are going to be some bugs to work out. Overall I really like my phone.
Great phone I really like this phone. I've used an android for several years and was used to that, and I never learned to love the iphone at all. So, I bought the fire phone when it came out. Sure there is a bit of a learning curve, as with any new product, but it's becoming second nature. Dynamic perspective is awesome, firefly feature is amazing, and I love the unlimited cloud storage. The 3D map feature is pretty cool too. When you're in a new area, looking for an address, the addition of the buildings helps to identify your destination because you know, visually, what the building looks like. The apps selection is limited, but I anticpate that to change. Bottom line, the graphics are crisp and the clarity is great, the phone quality is excellent, the sound is amazing, camera is excellent, I am pleased with this phone. I look forward to new features as they become available.
DO NOT BUY!!!! Camera on the phone keeps breaking and the head phone jack is unrealiable. I do not recommend to buy this phone if the price is over $100. I paid for a device that worked good up untill a month later and then it crapped the bed.
Great Phone - Can't Understand the Negativity! I live in the UK and bought it off eBay for £70, upgrading from an iPhone 4S. For that price, it's a really good phone and a pretty good deal. The build quality looks decent, but still, I put a case on it straight away, which should help to protect it. Screen size is good. Bigger than the 4S, but not as big as some of the latest phones out there. I must admit, I thought I was taking a bit of a gamble, what with the perceived lack of software out there. I did manage to find most of what I was looking for on the Amazon Store. For the apps I couldn't find, I decided to install the Google Play store from APKs. That was so easy. Worked first time (and via the latest Fire OS), opening up a whole world of apps. Not everything is compatible right now, but there's plenty that is. I think the only thing I haven't got working as I'd like, is Google Plus. Yes, the dynamic perspective is a bit of a waste of time. It does look cool though. Maybe I am easily pleased. And the extra "cameras" supporting it are a little bit ugly, but not so much that it put me off. A good all-round basic phone. Shame it got cancelled. They should have put what they learned from the experience into a bigger, better version 2.
We like it! My hubby and I love the phone, you just have to not compare to other phone. May not have lots have lots of apps or Google play but we got use to it. And it's fine, great phone.
I love the MAYDAY button I probably won't ever use all the features available on this phone....but I am impressed with the wide variety of them! I love the MAYDAY button...and have used it a few times. :-0) I must say that the transfer of my contacts was not the smoothest...as AT&T was not quite prepared for the FIRE phones! I love the VOICE to text feature...makes my slow attempts at texting fairly quick now! The bonus of 1-year of FREE Amazon PRIME is wonderful! Guess where I'll be doing my holiday shopping? :-)
Highly disappointed The phone itself is ok but just barely so, nothing spectacular. Works ok, has decent battery life. My complaints are more to do with Amazon choices than the phone itself. First, by offering it ONLY thru AT&T, there is a limit on the internet. Only Sprint offers unlimited internet. Second, Google PlayStore is not available so all the apps must be downloaded from the internet or from Amazon. Amazon does offer some free or low cost apps but there are many exclusively available thru Google PlayStore and cannot be downloaded. I can't get Geico Insurance app, MySMS.com, and so many others I depended on. Overall it's ok but nothing new or exciting. I definitely wouldnt get it again!
Awesome Phone!! Amazon Fire phone is the BEST phone I have ever seen or worked with. It is so easy. The picture and pictures are exquisite, and on top of that every app or picture on the Fire Phone is also available to me thru my Amazon TV and thru my Amazon Kindles. Very Happy!!
Good phone but having a few problems with it Good phone but having a few problems with it. It does start to overheat very fast, you have to double check to make sure it does not stay on when playing music. Another problem, I tried to download music through the phone and it would not show up on the device or in the cloud. When I went through Mayday for help, the first person could not help me and sent me to Tech Support. That DID NOT work. The person had no idea how to fix the issue and I felt like she was just going through anything to see if something would end up working. I had to tell her no when she said I had to 'unregister' my phone and she would have it re-registered. At the end of our conversation she mentioned Amazon was aware of this issue and were working on having it resolved. Other than that, so far so good. Love the phone and can't wait for Amazon to work out the last few bugs.
Lots of fun to use Lots of fun to use. Plenty of features for me. Horrible availability of minutes. Lasts only a few hours.. you should send all early buyers a new battery. H
Wonderful smart phone Having come from windows phone this is ... Wonderful smart phone Having come from windows phone this is a much more intuitive operating system and much easier to use. Amazon is just getting started and they hit it out of the park. All the apps a person uses are available And screened for bad stuff. I could not be happier. Looking forward to the next on as well as the new kindle reader and fire tablet. Keep em coming Amazon.
LOVE IT!!! I love this phone so much. I would definitely buy it again. It has a good camera, a great variation of music (which is very good for me). The only two things that make this phone not so wanted are #1 lack of apps and number #2 the fact that almost all phones that are not apple or samsung are out of the competition. But I personally would perfer this phone over and iphone any day.
Something New and Different Before buying this phone you need to do your research and figure out the apps you REALLY need. You will definitely won't need all 1.3 millions apps in the other app stores, so don't be fooled by the numbers. Yes, Amazon App store is not as big as the other Big 2, but it has some useful apps. I've been an Apple user and a Samsung Galaxy S3, S5 user, and so far this phone is up to par with those other. It is fun and most important it is DIFFERENT. Remember that Amazon will make its app store as big as the other ones in time; and the benefits of DP, peek, and the others extra features will make for some fun and unique way to interact with the phone. Also, Amazon's latest software update has improve the battery life of this device and the Google apps everybody is complaining about..well there are work around those. I recommend to try the phone before judging it. You can even get it and if you don't like you can return it within 14 days and exchange it for something else at AT&T. Play with it and experience something different.
No longer a skeptic For this to be a first for Amazon, it is definitely impressive. However they still have a long ways to go before the Fire Phone will be comparable to other devices. Mainly with the lack of apps that are provided in the app store, no backscreen option, and a few minimal details. But what it does have going for it makes up for where it lacks. The dynamic perspective very cool but there are a limited number of apps that use is. The feature I have come to enjoy the most without a doubt though is Firefly. It can pick up songs almost instantly, as well as movies and television shows. It also allows you to transfer helpful information you might see on a business, newspaper ad, and elsewhere. Can't wait to see where they go from here with updates.
Phone is a great product for the price Phone is a great product for the price, but the true gem here is Amazon MayDay!!!!! this is awesome so helpful. Never get customer service like this with Apple.
Disappointed I really wanted to love this phone. The flick and swipe features are finicky at best. The biggest disappointment has been the apps available and the lack of updates for what they do offer. Most apps only partially work with no updates to fix bugs in sight. Sorry Amazon, even the free year of Prime wasn't worth the investment in this phone.
Very good I love this phone. But, there are some issues to it, just like other phones. First of all, the Fire OS isn't the best operating system. I'm not a big fan of the carousel on the phone. The visual dynamics is definitely cool, but as you use the phone, you'll get more used to it. The camera is great, as well as the speakers and the microphone. I love the feature of the non-tangle earphones. Even though you can't see the google play in the app store, it is easily able to be downloaded using this website: http://www.yourbountyhunter.org/firephone/. The phone, itself, looks really nice and feels very comfortable to your hand. There is only one visible button on the screen - the home button. I also love the feature of the flash, which i think is something that every phone should have on it. It has 6 cameras, including the cameras used for the dynamic perspective. I would also recommend get a different case from the amazon case from this phone.
Love it I purchased my Fire Phone used on Ebay. There was an issue with the headphone jack, and luckily it was still under warranty, and a replacement is on the way. I have used every major phone os (iOS, Android, Blackberry, and now Fire OS). I really love my Fire Phone, but the only reason I did not rate it 5 stars, is because it doesn't get the Google Play store. I feel that if it had the Google Play store instead of, or alongside the Amazon App Store, it would have been much more popular.
Awesome phone I don't understand the bad reviews on this. It works great and does everything most smart phones do and more. The camera is awesome. I love firefly. Love this phone. Only slightly negative comment would be that battery could last a bit longer, but it is adequate. Not fond of google apps anyhow so don't miss them. The earbuds that come with the phone are the most comfortable and best sounding I have ever had.
Great phone!! Love my Fire phone. I have had an IPhone for years, and yes, it is also a great phone. However, I like the Fire better. I have been a longtime user of Kindle (I have purchased five Kindle readers over the last few years) and have tried to keep up with the newer ones as they come out. My only "con" regarding the phone is that Amazon does not have some of the apps that I like such as Viggle and Directv for the Fire phone, but they say that they are working daily to get new apps added.
Great Amazon Phone, I am familiar with many different smart phones including the iphone's, Droids, Nexus and Galaxy devices. This phone is a great new entrant with some great features from what is becoming a very very good hardware company. Amazon has been making hardware for just a few years compared to Apple, LG, Motorola, Samsung, LG, Etc but there products are very solid, this one included. There are some things that could, and probably will be improved in later revisions of this product. The price of this phone is a little expensive for an Android phone, but the base model does include a year of prime and 32GB of storage, which is double what a new iphone, galaxy or nexus phone comes with. The weight and size of this phone are a little bit on the heavy side, but this phone feels very solid and neither are a deal breaker. The phone doesn't have the premium metal feel like a iphone 5s/or an HTC one, but once your case is on they all feel the same. The screen is very good, the resolution and color are excellent. The 4.7 size in my opinion is just right. The 3D feature is really neat, but I am not sure that it will be that cool or helpful in the long run. Stay tuned for updates to this review in regards to the 3D feature set. I presume 3D will become a better feature once more apps are developed specifically for this phone. The camera is very good and has been a joy to use. I am excited to use this with some of the different photo apps on the Amazon AppStore. I think I even prefer it to the iPhone camera. The battery life is good to average for a comparable phone. Longer than the iPhone 5S for sure, the battery is 35% larger than an iPhone battery. The new Fire OS for phone is nice and snappy to use. The OS is ok, like the original tablet OS it will be continually updated and shortly become a very polished product. One negative regarding the Fire OS is that the Google Play store isn't included for apps, everything must go thru the Amazon AppStore. The Amazon Appstore is great, and the free App a day is a great discovery tool, but it is nice to have the breadth of the Google Play catalog. Overall this isn't the greatest smartphone ever released, but it is definitely a great first smartphone for Amazon. Especially for users who are heavy users of all Amazon's offerings(Prime, Kindle, Kindle Unlimited, Etc.)It is great that Amazon didn't just make "another smartphone" with like specs but made revolutionary steps like dynamic perspective. If Dynamic Perspective is improved over the years then you will see other phone makers imitating this feature.
Five Stars Love the unlimited photo storage
Amazon owes its customers an apology, a refund & better phone. Instead they polled us about how to improve the PR I've been using the Fire for well over a month now. That means I'm keeping it, like it or not. And I do not like it. But I'm keeping it because the phone has some functionality that assists me in my work - Firefly. The Amazon Fire really only has one purpose. Shopping. That's it. It excels at nothing else. I'll give an honorable mention to free cloud storage for photos. That's really great. And the camera is pretty nice . . . except it has a shutter lag that is simply unacceptable at times. I've used multiple iPhones and Blackberries. I don't expect a phone to have an OS that's necessarily perfect for me, but I expect it to have some logic and, most importantly, to be stable. The Fire has neither. First, let's start with a user friendly operating system. Just a few examples: To delete a message you swipe left. Thing is, if you swipe left too close to the edge of the screen you pull out a separate menu. The same action, just a fraction of inch apart on the screen, gives you two different results. That's stupid. If the keyboard is showing and you want to disappear you swipe up, not down. You want the keyboard to go down so your brain is thinking down, not up. Some actions take more steps than necessary. To access a bookmark in the browser takes at least one extra step than you have to take on an iPhone. No, not a deal breaker, but why do this? Why add steps to the simple act of accessing a bookmark? Overall stability and speed is an even bigger issue. Just accessing the phone shows how slow the OS is. When I punch my code into an iPhone 5s the phone can take whatever speed I'm entering the numbers. Tap, tap, tap, tap . . . fast as I can and it works. Not with the Fire. I can get ahead of the phone without even trying. I have to force myself to slow down while entering the code so that it actually takes. Speaking of something taking effect . . . I touch a link in the browser. And wait. And wait. I do it again. Ah, that did it. I've seen this error dozens of times. Just because I touch something doesn't mean the phone will do what I say. This isn't because I'm not touching hard enough. I've checked the browser history and it shows that the last page visited was the link I just tried to access. Except, I didn't access it. I'm still on the previous page. Accessing a bookmark, besides having an extra step, is an extra joy. I frequently have to swipe half a dozen times just to access the left side pull out menu. Firefly, the top reason I bought this phone, works . . . most of the time. Sometimes you get an error message that the server is busy. Except it's not. Every single time I've restarted the phone Firefly works immediately. It's not the server, it's the phone. But either way, it doesn't matter. Firefly should work 99% of the time. It doesn't. If you use it dozens of times or more during a single day it will fail and you'll have to restart your phone. Unacceptable. Other issues: The phone overheats as mentioned by others. I can accept that. Not a huge deal. Dynamic perspective is a gimmick. I can think of only a few practical uses for it, none of them major sellers to a general audience. I'll give some points for battery life. I've had better battery performance from the Fire than I did with my previous iPhone. The tilt feature sounds cool, but it's actually more of a nuisance most of the time. The phone comes with pre-sets that are just idiotic. For example, you have to set up the phone to show battery life at the top of your screen. Seems like asking if you want seat belts in your car. Yes please. It's a smartphone and that means it eats up power. Of course I want to see the battery life available! The pre-set should be for it to be seen. I shouldn't have to freak out trying to figure out how to make it appear. Which brings me to buying this from Amazon versus ATT. When I got my phone my voicemail wasn't set up. I mean, it wasn't even enabled. When I contacted Amazon via email they tried to tell me my phone must be broken. I took it to ATT. They fixed it. They told me Amazon never set up the phone for voicemail. Thanks Amazon. Wifi has been a joke. My phone has very poor reception even compared to my much older iPhone 4 phone. There are spots in my house where I have zero coverage. Everything else works on those areas. But not the Fire. When I contacted Amazon they sent me a boilerplate email that was obvious they hadn't even read my message. They said it was my router and I needed to turn it on and off. No, it's not my router. Amazon customer service for this phone, at least via email, totally sucks. One of the reasons I considered the Amazon Fire was because I thought its closed environment would actually create more stability than your average Android. I was willing to sacrifice the choices of a big app market in exchange for only apps that would work completely with the OS and not create conflicts. Except, that's not what I got. The Fire is very unstable - at least compared to any iPhone I've ever used. A few weeks after I received the Fire it was obvious that the reviews were mixed at best and sales for Amazon were in the toilet. They sent me a survey about the phone. I thought, "Great, they're going to fix this!" Instead the survey was about public relations and how they could improve awareness of the phone. At this point Amazon had more than enough information to know their biggest task wasn't promoting the features the Fire had, but to fix the problems experienced by its customers so they weren't all PO'd and dissing the product. That means fix the OS. And if they can't fix their lame OS, start offering refunds. The iPhone 6 came out and Amazon dropped their price down to 99 cents. That's about the price where this phone belongs. The primary purpose of this phone is to buy things - buy them from Amazon. If they're not going to offer a rock solid and intuitive OS then basically this is about us giving Amazon more market data and more sales. Yeah, we get a free year of Prime. Thanks for that. But I want my damn phone to be stable. And I don't want to have to think hard about how to do basic tasks that other phones can easily handle. Arrogance, laziness and apathy. That's what I see from Amazon with this product which I now have committed to using for the next two years. People slam Apple for many things. Some of it they deserve, some of they don't. I bristled at their closed in system that prevented me from getting apps I actually needed. The fact that their phones have no expandable memory galls me. But at the very least I had stability. At least give me that. Yes, at least give me that Amazon. You owe me and other customers an apology, a refund and/or a better phone. Barring that, I have to seriously question the future of this company. This was a landmark product. You want to join Apple and make a phone that rocks the market? Then fix this fiasco you've created. I won't hold my breath.
I was forced to have to get another phone like the rest of the masses now I don't feel ... I really" loved" past tense this phone ..mine died a quick but painless death after almost two years I just wish Amazon would have considered keeping them in production and making a 2nd generation. I was forced to have to get another phone like the rest of the masses now I don't feel special anymore :( . Amazon if you read this post PLEASE I'M BEGGING YOU.. get back to drawing board and give us a 2nd generation phone by 2017. So in sad mourning I say goodbye to my faithful fire phone named BLAZE...RIP
since the reviews are not so good. I'm happy with this phone and want another ... why not let 3rd party vendor sell this phone here? I believe many existing users also want sell their phone too, since the reviews are not so good. I'm happy with this phone and want another one for backup/gaming but it seems Amazon won't provide the option. The phone is not too bad. powerful hardware, great price, long lasting battery and very well build. The software is so so but once you install google service and play store, you basically have an android phone.
Great phone. Highly recommend. My husband and I have had our fire phones since May 2014. We love them. Takes great photos that I can upload to Facebook, email, messenger, or texts. So easy. I have over 4000 photos stored in the cloud and/or on my phone. People are jealous of the great sharp photos it takes. It's easy to use. Syncs with my Kindle Fire so what ever I'm reading is always available. I play games on it and Skype with family. No complaints. There were a couple of apps I was missing, but within a couple of months they became available. And I found apps that easily replaced any others that weren't available... Customer service is awesome for the few questions I had in the beginning. No problems with Firefly either. I hope Amazon gets the phone up and running again.
I actually like this phone I actually like this phone. I know it has received a lot of bad reviews but so far it has be a really good phone for me. Was easy to learn all the many things this phone can do. Only bad thing is that I bought this phone when it first came out and paid the full price for it at that time. Oh well...live and learn!
So far...So Good, with a few minor frustrations and dislikes.. I got the phone on launch day and have been pretty impressed with it so far. PROS: I like the style of the phone and the ease of use going from screen to screen and App to App. The FireFly app is very cool, but seems to have a hard time finding items that are not real common retail items. The music and tv scans turn out good results. I also like that it wasn't over-loaded with massive apps that I don't or won't use, compared to my previous Galaxy phones. I have used the Mayday app twice now, both with quick and good results, so that is a great feature. The Dynamic Perspective (3D) imaging is very, VERY cool, but wish it did more in other apps and features. CONS: I HATE the camera button that is right next to the volume buttons. I have taken random pictures of the sky and my desk, but trying to adjust the volume on the handset in the middle of a call. I don't like the feel and durability of the glass on the back of the phone. I have only had it for 3 days now and the back glass is scratched a tiny bit (my phone case should arrive any day now..Thank God). I don't like that I can't file my pictures in folders like I did with my Galaxy phone. I don't really like the look of the phone contacts and wish I could scroll through the names quicker using the first letter of the name like on my Galaxy. I was hoping for a better battery life than my Galaxy, but it does not seem to last any longer. Of course, I am using my phone more trying to figure out things, so that might change once the "New and Cool" phase wears off. So far.. that is my review in the 3 days I have had it. I am excited to learn more about the phone so that I can do another review in a few weeks or a month. I would highly recommend it for those looking for the new and cool thing out there.
My Fire phone I wanted to buy Amazon's Fire phone because I am an Amazon member and I also use Kindle Fire HDX. I basically use Amazon for most of my music, movies, books and other, such as Amazon market place. Therefore, I wanted to have easy access to all of my digital music, books, movies and market place wherever I would be. So, I bought the fire phone. As far as service goes, such as GPS, phone calls, texting, Facebook, and email, the phone works great. As far as being considered a premium phone, it is definitely compatible with other premium phones. The camera and video recording is very impressive. At the end of the day, I would have to say that it all comes down to one's own personal preference and needs.
I love this phone it is user friendly I can read ... I love this phone it is user friendly I can read on the go and it meets all my expectations for battery life based on how I use it.
Phone is not a serious contender to rivals due to operating system - idea for Amazon The quality of the hardware is nice. But the software is buggy and the apps are limited. However, I read that Amazon is quitting on the Fire Phone so I want to leave a message to the company. I think Amazon should consider a different strategy with the Fire rather than than quitting. They should redesign the phone to run the Android system then migrate the users to Android. Then focus on developing the Apps under the Android system. This idea would solve the two main problem with the phone - a lack of an ecosystem and an uncompetitive operating system. It would instantly breath new life into the phone. And I think it would be a better solution than giving up.
lovin it Love this phone. Of course I am a huge Amazon freak so it's right up my alley! Good call clarity, battery life, awesome screen resolution. Like the camera. I also like people stopping me to ask..Hey how many cameras are in that thing! Favorite phone ever!
a great phone, once you get used to the difference ... a great phone, once you get used to the difference between it and an apple product you will be pleased and consider it an upgrade
Great for the price Pros: Good camera Good UI considering it's brand new Comfortable design Camera hardware key Great price ($130) Includes a free year of amazon prime High end processor Pretty good screen res for the size (315 ppi) Cons: No google play store (but you can add it with some work) Gets VERY hot Poor battery life All in all, for the price ($130) its a steal. Sure there's no google play store out of the box but you can put it on there with some work. The battery life is poor but most people are around a charger most of the time anyways. The UI (User Interface) is pretty good for it being brand new, much better then the first version of Sense or Touchwiz considering it isn't buggy as all hell. So if you want to try a new UI, don't mind a little work, can deal with poor battery life and have $130 laying around and use amazon to buy a lot of things, then this phone is perfect for you.
Best phone I have ever owned. I love the Firefly app! It has saved me so much money, I am a college student and every penny counts.It takes amazing photos, and the sound is better than any phone I have had. I love how easy it connects to my FireTV so that I can show people the photos I took from my phone instantly on my TV. I prefer my Fire Phone over my old iPhone any day.
Meh There are some things about this phone that are out of this world awesome & others that are just flat annoying. The auto correct sucks, the web browser blows & the face tracking gets really annoying. The camera is one of the best I've had in a phone. The battery life is surprising. Oh the price is on point. That's about it.
Spectacular phone/tablet, & amazing camera! Most low reviews are just AT&T haters, that's not a phone fault. Spectacular phone/tablet, & amazing camera! Most low reviews are just AT&T haters, that's not a phone fault. We love our fire phone. We don't live AT&T, but that's not a problem with the phone. I could only wish there was a chip for my phone to make cell providers not greedy, have great signal everywhere and have awesome customer service. Amazon makes a great phone to go with great tablets which are all compatible with the best customer service anywhere! It's an awesome phone for Amazon lovers! <3 :D
Great Phone I have had this phone for a couple of weeks and have done more with it than any other phone I have owned. It has some really neat and innovative features. I didn't like that I had to switch from Verizon to AT&T but oh well....they are both about the same.
Everything you could possibly need or want in a phone is wrapped up in this nice little bundle This device is incredible. Everything you could possibly need or want in a phone is wrapped up in this nice little bundle.
... the new iphones and can't say that I wasn't happy with them but I saw and played with the ... I had all almost all the new iphones and can't say that I wasn't happy with them but I saw and played with the fire phone and was impressed!! I purchased the phone and am very happy and I don't work for or am getting paid by amazon!!! but the phone is heavy feels good in the hand the screen size is perfect the video is crisp and clear the camera is nice and it is fast. The live tech support is fantastic and they listen to you if you have an issue they actually past it thru to the designers to address the problem and really call you back to follow up!!! Love this phone don't know why they are giving it such a bad wrap!!!
Fire Phone is Sweet I LOVE THIS PHONE, IT DOESN'T HAVE AS MUCH APPS AS AN APPLE BUT THE VIDEO QUILTY AND FREE ONE YEAR PRIME MEMBERSHIP MAKES THIS PHONE AMAZING, PLUS THE 13MP HD CAMERA WORKS SO WELL..... PLUS IT HAS ALL THE MAJOR APPS LIKE INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER, SNAPCHAT ETC! WORTH GETTING THIS PHONE! ALL I WOULD LIKE AMAZON TO ADD IS MORE APP OPTIONS AND MAYBE NEXT GEN HAVE AN EVEN BETTER CAMERA AND TWO HEAD PHONE PORTS SO TO PEOPLE CAN WATCH A VIDEO TOGETHER!
your usual day to day user (work email, news, sports, music, navigation) feels great, looks great, works great. had it for 2 weeks, easy friendly features, love the wrist flick to get access to basic settings (wifi, bluetooth, etc). very nice screen, just the right size for scrolling and choosing apps in any place on the sxreen. it reacts fast, has good call quality (crisp sound). the bluetooth works great in my car and I have never heard such clear music from my previous devices. research the apps before you buy if you are looking for specific ones, or sideload them if you know how ! firefox, chrome, salesforce, outlook all work great (all sideload). my wife loves it too and uses waze for driving places and loves the sound of her bluetooth audio too. only negative is the earphones......yikes ! all in all a solid build !
I Love My Fire Phone! I have owned fire phone for six months now and absolutely love it! At first it was kind of tricky getting the hand motions and flicks down but after six months I have mastered the phone and actually love my navigation more than I have on any other phone I have owned. My only regret is not buying two of them while they were available. I hope they become available again and they continue to upgrade and improve the phone. As far as apps go yes there are a few I miss but after six months the Amazon app store has added quite a few new apps and some even better than the old Google and iPhone apps I used to use.
Great phone and so easy to use Great phone and so easy to use. I love that many of the commands are the same as my Kindle Fire. Way to go Amazon!
PAPA'S PHONE THIS IS MY HUSBAND PHONE AND IT IS GREAT. IT IS A REALLY NICE PHONE, I WAS IMPRESSED TOO. LOVE THE VIRTUAL 3D SCREEN IT HAS AND IT DOES JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING ELSE. AS LONG AS HE'S HAPPY MAKES ME HAPPIER...
A GREAT PRODUCT that needs a little bit more tweaking. I do lots of business with Amazon. A substantial part of that buisiness is books. The Fire Phone fits my needs perfectly. I read any book I want, I order anything I want (anywhere on the web) and I search the web for anything I want. (Do you see a pattern?) Sure there are a few bugs and some app availability issues, but nothing is perfect, especially when a new and great product is rolled out. That's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. I am confident that it will be a 5 star machine by January. (PLUS the price is right.) I own two 64GB Fire Phones (plus a Fire Tablet, Paperwhite and Kindle Software for my laptop) and my wife and I are thrilled with them. I would recommend these Fire Phones to anyone, especially to an ardent Amazon customer. p.s. There are no securiy issues, they don't bend, calendar synchronization works perfectly, MayDay is great, one year free Prime for each phone and the 3D screen wows the heck out of everybody that sees it. Hang in there Bezos, stay the course.
Five Stars Shutup environmentalists
Poor customer service with this Fire Phone from Amazon Poor customer service with this Fire Phone from Amazon. It took at least two hours and many different reps and mayday help to find out that their own Amazon Underground App will **NOT** run on the Amazon Fire Phone. That app allows for $10,000 of free apps an all in app purchases to be downloaded for free, but it is not compatible with the fire phone. Additionally I purchased the Fire Phone and I am not able to have the 1 year access to Amazon Prime. They will not support it nor offer anything to make up for them removing the free 1 year of Prime. Do not waste your time purchasing this phone for lack of support and false advertising. The Fire Phones have been disontinued do to lack luster sales. I purchased this thinking I would benefit from the 1 year of free prime and the free Underground App. NOT able to. Additionally, you do NOT have access to the google play store on this Fire Phone.
still getting used to it.. I love the picture quality of my fire phone. Wish I could sync my iTunes music in a more accessible way. And I miss the emoticons??!! I hope an update with emoticon features will be available soon. All in all I am enjoying the phone.
Wish it worked; Return process complete fail. I wanted to believe in this phone as I am a Amazon guy. I have a dozen Kindles, 3 Fire TVs, Cloud drive subscription, tons of movies and music and order almost exclusively from Amazon so when I heard about this phone I ordered two immediately, one for myself and one for my 18 year old daughter. It could not have been a bigger disaster than it was. One of the phones would not even charge and only turned on when you had power plugged into it. The second the battery life was in minutes. We had tried to activate the phone that would charge but never got through the process with ATT for some reason and finally gave up. Bottom line the phones were not ready for prime time; hopefully then got better by now. Then the next mess occurred when we tried to return them; my mistake was putting both phones in the same box. They only credited me for one phone and seem to have lost the second. Sorry but this is my first return ever to Amazon and it did not make sense that you need to separate each item, and honestly I did not know which phone is which, as there was little to relate the individual phones to the specific orders, but I assumed they could count and put both return form labels in and on the box. Live and learn, as I was paying full price for the two phones at $700 each it was a hard lesson to learn and I doubt I will ever see my money back. I will never buy and expensive electronics item from Amazon again....
love it! I love this phone it's amazing!!!! I wanted a kindle fire but then my other phone broke so I got this....
This is a great phone! UPDATE #2: I have had this phone since release day. If you read the rest of my review, I had issue with a few items. As of the OS update I received yesterday, most of my issues have been resolved. I am now extremely happy with this phone. It keeps getting better and better. I figure a few more updates to take care of ticky tack things and this will be a near flawless device. UPDATE: After a full weekend of use and orientation with my fire phone, I am very happy with my purchase. I will address some of the issues I have read about in other reviews. The battery life seems to be improving, as I suspected, with the daily discharge-recharge setting the battery. The issue of the phone getting hot seems to have improved greatly as well. It will still warm up at times, but not nearly as much as when it was fresh out of the box. Again, I am relating this to the battery getting "broken in". The phone performs as a phone wonderfully. The calls are clear, texts and emails are simple and the keyboard is intuitive and clean. Very easy to operate and navigate. The Silk browser is clean and simple. For those missing their Google, set your Silk browser to default to Google search. Its an option in the app setting for the browser. You now have your Google! There were comments about time stamps on emails and texts. Move your head to the side and the phone will show you this info. It is part of the dynamic perspective. You can turn that feature off in the settings and it will always show this info. It seems kinda gimmicky to me, but there is potential for it to be very cool. The sound from the speakers is clear and accurate. There isnt much low end, but the sound from the 3.5mm port is great. It comes through on my surround sound system in full range. The phone could benefit from an equalizer, but that is more an app complaint than the phone itself. The camera is fantastic. It opens very quickly, and takes great pictures. They are accurate to color and depth, and the video is great as well. I made a number of clips of my son, who never sits still, and they were all in focus and clear, regardless of how he or I moved about. The bluetooth works well, as does the WIFI. I had no issues with either connecting or holding a connection. The maps function is not Google, but it is very good. It is as good, if not better than the Google Maps. There is no back button. If you took the few minutes to watch the video that launches at the startup of the new phone, you would know this and how to operate the swipe up feature as a back button. It takes some time to get used to it for those (like myself) who were used to a back button, but it is not a negative, just a different feature than I was used to. I have no issue with this now after a few days use. The few complaints I have are as follows; The Carousel feature- As I said before, this would be a great feature if it were customizable. I would love to pin about 5 things to this and lock it, using it as a quick access feature to my favorite apps/functions of the phone. The Apps store lacks greatly behind apple/android, but big deal. I would say that 80% of the apps that MOST people actually use are there. No, I cant play Clash of Clans on this phone (bummer!) but is this really a selling point of the phone? No. That is the app store. The Amazon apps seem to be in more of a beta stage than a final form. To rate the phone lower because of this isnt fair, and I will do a separate write-up for the apps on their review pages. The tilt/ snap functions are not consistent. I still have trouble getting the phone to realize I am tiliting it, not moving my head. It will dynamically shift, instead of pulling up the side menus. I figure this will be imnproved upon with OS updates. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase. Read the reviews carefully, as some people are negative rating based upon some very fickle reasoning. For the everyday user, the amazon user and the semi-techy user, this phone is great. For someone who likes to nerd-rage over specs and features and how this phone compares to blah blah blah, you may want to look elsewhere, as you will tear it apart, regardless of how it functions. This is not an Iphone, it is not a Samsung. If you wanted it to be, then why would you buy it. Go get one of those! This phone very capable, it looks clean and functions great. I am convinced that once Amazon gets a couple software updates out, and improves on their app functionality, it will be even better. As always, if anyone has any questions, I am happy to help! ORIGINAL REVIEW: Upon opening the package and initial inspection, I love it. It feels good in the hand and the screen is crisp and clear. I charged it up and noticed the body got extremely warm. It stayed hot all through the first day of use, a feature I wasn't expecting. Just because it's a Fire phone doesn't mean it should be hot to the touch. ATT's transfer app would not work to bring over my pictures or contacts, which is incredibly frustrating. There is a very limited number of apps for Amazon, at least any that you want to use. I had to use the Mayday feature to try and understand why the included music app doesn't support Prime music. I had to download a different Prime music app. That makes no sense to me and seems like a huge miss. The sound is clear, although through the speakers I don't hear any noticeable low end in the music. Today, day two, it isn't nearly as warm, although it still gets warm when used for more than a few minutes. Watching a movie or tv show might make this even worse. I don't know if it is a break in period for the battery or what. I will update this review after a week's use. The auto correct is intuitive, and as far as basic phone functions go, it works great. The camera is very nice and takes great pictures. The auto dim for the screen works well, as does the dynamic perspective, although I am having trouble figuring out when I will actually need it. The side panels on tilt are kind of buggy and don't seem to have a consistent response, as another reviewer mentioned. My biggest complaint, and I think most would agree, is the lack of customization of the main page. The carousel would be an excellent feature IF you could customize it to have what you want, and LOCK it. As it stands, it puts up ANY and EVERY feature you use on the phone. I don't particularly want to have every stupid thing in my carousel. Currently, it's a clunky and annoying feature that can't be turned off. It seems like a solid platform, and if Amazon is willing to listen to criticism and update things, it could be great. All said, I would rate it closer to 3.5 stars, with the definite potential for more. Feel free to ask me any questions you may have.
Be careful of the warranty Purchased 2 Amazon fire phones on November 7th 2014,one phone no issues mayday couldn't handle, 2nd fire phone had issues from the start. After about 7-8 months the wife finally had enough and sever mayday documented issues they replaced her phone with a refurbished phone. Lasted about 3 months and same issues reappear. Several documented mayday issues, we went to replace the phone again.....oooops...2 weeks past the original warranty the phone is past its warranty. I being apparently simple minded said it was just replaced less than 3-4 months ago and asked to speak to a supervisor. I got the supervisor, long story short, basically I'm hosed. I asked you mean to tell me if the original phone was replaced at the 11month Mark, the new replacement phone is only warranted for 30 days totalling 1 yr?....I was dumb enough to think when the new phone arrived I got a new 1yr warranty. Phones are ok as long as they are under warranty......Buyers beware....as a longtime prime member I though it would be different......Will not purchase again and do not recommend either.
I am searching for another Fire Phone. I have owned my Fire Phone for almost two years and love it! In fact I am searching for another one just like it for my husband. If there is one in any warehouse anywhere within the Amazon network I would like to purchase one again just as I did in February 2015, witht the same offer I received with my first phone.
Fantastic focus phone Overall ,I'm very satisfied with the Fire phone ,not confusing at all,easy apps live the 3D,and very satisfied with the photos. clear, professional and self focussing.I have always had trouble with a clear picture, because,I have tremors.That's not a problem with this camera!
Please Do NOT Discontinue! I love this phone! It took a bit to adjust to a new phone, but doesn't it always? I love the way it automatically connects my photos to Amazon Cloud! I love the extra memory! The camera is pretty good. The battery life is not bad, even after a year of use. I have a Kindle Fire HD 6, and I sync my books and audible account to both the Kindle and my phone. That way I can pick up wherever I left off, no matter which device is handy. The only wish I could make is that Amazon used a compatible OS so all android apps would work on it.
Great lockscreen and battery use I really like the lockscreen if this camera. Every day I receive different lockscreens and everyone always is asking to see the latest one. The battery for this phone is very good compared to my iPhone 4 and Nokia 1020. I can easily go 2 to 3 days without charging. All the apps that I run are there and the browser is compatible and very fast to connect to any site that I use. The phone does not run hot and so far has a better reception than my Nokia 1020. I make most of my purchases over Amazon.com and the Firefly works perfectly.
Great phone and love the year of prime with it Great phone and love the year of prime with it. Only drawback is that it will not accept apps from google play as all apps must be through amazon appstore. Which would be fine except they don't support some apps such as my insurance app etc.
Happy with my Fire! I love the phone! I'm not a game player or use a ton of apps. It has all the features I want, need and love! I also like that's it's so easy to use. I don't have to go hunting for my contacts or messages. I also like the fact that I can read my ebooks. That's a big plus when I don't have my Kindle with me. I'm still learning about all the other features. Overall, I'm quite happy I purchased the phone.
do not buy Why has amazon stopped selling this? When I asked I was told they don't know. I asked why there hasn't been a recent update and again they don't know. I think this is a defective product amazon is hoping will last through the warranty. I've had my phone for 4 months and it's working fine, but I do not buy disposable electronics. I have bought enough of Amazon's junk products they flood the market with just to get us to consume more. I am finished with Amazon. I was told the review process is more about emotion then fact. Seems funny I was told that, but they won't sell me another phone or offer an explanation why.
I love My Fire Phone! I love my Fire phone It works great. I get usually get over 24 hours hours or so on a single charge and I use it constantly to read on. Never have dropped calls I got all sorts of free apps included in the deal plus one year of Amazon Prime. The Camera is astonishing. I take pictures with it constantly. I would buy one again no problem! Thanks Amazon for putting out yet another great Fire Product!
Could be great, but not yet... First, let me say I'm a huge fan of Amazon. But, this phone has quite a few glitches. The most irritating thing is that settings seem to reset themselves all on their own on both my husband's and my phone. For example, I linked my Facebook to my contact list. It unlinks itself on a regular basis. Also, the lock screen doesn't stay on the one you selected. It seems to randomly give you a different screen. Not huge issues, but irritating glitches. I think it could be a great phone once all the bugs are worked out.
Switched From iPhone and Not Lookin' Back When I went to the phone store today I was torn between getting an iPhone and this phone. We have been trying to get away from Apple technoIogy but had recently had a nightmare experience with the LG cheapo phone we had bought and had gone back to the store to begrudgingly go back to the iPhone, but since I love my Kindle and Amazon service, I decided to give this phone a shot. I am by no means a technology guru and have only had this phone since earlier today, but I will say that so far I absolutely love everything about this phone. I am already a prime member and kindle fire owner so found the learning curve was super easy. I love the design layout with having the carousel like the fire. I also like the quick getting started tutorial. And as an added bonus, a year free of prime membership. I was already a member and so an email was sent letting me know my year was extended. As for the phone itself, it is fast, sturdy, not too big, not too small, just right. The phone calls are clear, and I have not had any problems with any apps. I am more pleased with this phone than I thought I would be. The biggest downfall for me is that shopping is now SO easy!!!!!
kindle Fire phone Love it just as I love my kindle fire HD. Very easy to use if your a fan of kindle and Amazon.
Very disappointed I got the FW of phone upgraded about 2 weeks ago. And phone start running really really slow, sometimes the touch panel doesn't even work. Also the power consumption raised dramatically, fully charged battery can only stand by for about 7~8 hours. This morning I found all my files(mp3 and photos) on the phone are just gone, no clue for what's going wrong. Try to use Mayday function and can't even connect to this service stably. Very disappointed(I just have this phone for 5 months!!!), will definitely get a new phone to stop this kind of tortures.
It's not that I don't like it. I LOVE what it is TRYING to ... It's not that I don't like it. I LOVE what it is TRYING to be! But the WiFi keeps going in and out whereas my other AT&T phone does fine. So I canceled my AT&T service plan and the rep even agreed that the Fire Phone had been rolled out before it had been properly readied to go live. So we cancelled the plan. Now Amazon says if I don't re-sign up for the plan they will charge me $400. So they may be a miserable service with nowhere to complain. But I'll eat the $400 if it gets them off my back(time is money, too). Some people might not be as sanguine. In conclusion, if you sign up for the plan and your phone doesn't work, you cannot cancel the phone. Note. I did everything they suggest on tech support(please, don't make me laugh), had called tech support early on and they were sorry they couldn't do much. So, "We're sorry we can't fix it and we're charging you $400 and there's no one you can complain too. And maybe they won't even print this.. But I love the phone so much I'm keeping it to use on WiFi. So there is this hidden cost of $400, I'm noting.
bye bye iphone - This is ANDROID ON STEROIDS!!! Yeah, it's awesome... I've owned a Samsung, a Moto, a BB, and about every other phone out there... Amazon did their homework on this one! Wow! Mayday is fantastic and don't believe the bs... The Appstore has EVERYTHING you could want. This phone is amazing and it will only get better with each software upgrade. Great quality throughout. Very stable and smooth...
Great Specs for Its Price, But Lacks Functionality In Its Original State I bought the 32 GB version of the Amazon Fire Phone (AT&T) in August 2015 both as a backup smartphone and as a way to renew my annual Amazon Prime membership. In the black box that arrived, there was the Amazon Fire Phone, a USB-A to Micro-USB charging cable, a two-prong power adapter with an USB-A slot, and a pair of black, Amazon-branded headphones. The smartphone was dead on arrival and needed to be charged for about 10 minutes before it would even show the screen with a low battery notification, and this brings me to my first point. The Amazon Fire Phone takes ages to charge. It took my unit about 3 hours to fully charge using the power cable that came with the phone, and even more using my ASUS ZenBook laptop that has the USB Charger + feature, which makes the USB-A port output nearly as much current as the actual power adapter. This is excruciating slow compared to my iPhone 6s, which fully charges in less than an hour using either the original Apple Lightning cable and wall adapter or a cable and my laptop. More infuriating is the fact that the Amazon Fire Phone burns through its battery life when it is both connected to my AT&T network and Wi-Fi. I could use up a fully charged battery in less than 4 hours just browsing the Internet or checking my mail. In fact, during the night, it drops anywhere from 7% to 12% battery without any use, as compared to 1% to 2% on the iPhone 6s. This is the most disappointing point about this smartphone, in my opinion. The performance of the phone itself is actually pretty good! The 2.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 8974 is extremely quick, as shown by the snappy responses and quick application loads. It beats out the Apple A9 found in iPhone 6s units in pure performance, but is hindered by the operating system and some of the phone's nearly useless features. The graphics processing unit (GPU) on the Amazon Fire Phone, however, is a bit outdated. Although it would handle most video encoding and light gaming, it will struggle in rendering models that have shadows, reflections, anti-aliasing, etc. This model has 2 GB of RAM, which is more than enough for any type of multitasking on a smartphone, and 32 GB of local storage, of which the operating system only takes less than 1 GB of. Given the price of the phone ($139), it is a bargain considering other smartphones at this price won't come near to having similar hardware to the Amazon Fire Phone. The 4.7" IPS LCD touchscreen has a resolution of 1,280 x 720 (HD), and has a pixel density of 315 pixels per square inch (ppi). This is somewhat comparable to other 4.7" smartphones, such as the iPhone 6s (326 ppi) and the Google Nexus 4 (318 ppi). The screen looks great even under direct sunlight, and has minimal glare when viewed at extreme angles. On the back of the phone is a 13 megapixels (MP) camera that allows you to take panorama or High Dynamic Range (HDR) photos or record Full HD (1,920 x 1,080) videos at 30 frames per second (fps). The front-facing camera is a 2.1 MP camera that still captures good pictures and videos, but the quality of those will pale to those shot using the back camera. The operating system on the Amazon Fire Phone is Amazon's own Fire OS. As of today, the latest version available is Fire OS 3.6.6.1 and will probably be the last update considering this phone has been discontinued. Fire OS is extremely limited in both its user interface (UI) and Amazon's app store. Because the UI is super simple and Amazon's app store is tiny compared to iOS's App Store and Android's Google Play Store, the phone has very limited functionality because most of the apps you use on a regular basis are not available on Amazon's app store. I honestly believe that this is the main reason why customers shy away from the Amazon Fire Phone. However, it is possible to "sideload" the Google Play Store by downloading the .apk files required for the Google Play services to function and transfer it to the phone. Once that is done, you will have full access to the Google Play Store and all of the applications it has to offer. However, certain apps won't work, such as Snapchat, because the phone is still missing some internal resources. By doing this, it turns the phone into any other Android device since you can choose a custom launcher and get any app that you're used to using. The unique selling point of this phone is its Dynamic Perspective feature. There are four cameras built into the front of the phone, and they track the motion of the phone. These cameras use that information to angle or move 3D models on the screen to reflect the phone's movement in real life to give the user a sense of true 3D on the screen. This feature, in my opinion, is completely useless, kills the battery life, and causes the phone to run hot under low CPU loads. However, there are a few applications, such as Magmic, Kik, Fandango, and angry tofu, use this feature. However, I don't use any of those applications, so I feel like this feature is an unnecessary addition. There are other small features that the phone has, such as Mayday, integrated Amazon.com ship and delivery notifications, and Miracast support that makes it competitive in the smartphone market right now. Its low price, once again, makes it a viable choice for people who are looking for a high-end temporary replacement to whatever iOS or Android smartphone they have been using before.
Hoping Amazon decides to come back with a version 2 or a new design with similar easy access to Amazon services I've had this phone (unlocked not the AT&T version) for 9 months. Sure some smartphones do more but I bought this during a deal Amazon ran and with a year of Prime included, I couldn't justify any other purchase. Hoping Amazon decides to come back with a version 2 or a new design with similar easy access to Amazon services. Love this phone and hope it continues to function well for a good long time.
Great battery life Had a Samsung 3S before. This smart phone is comparable. The calendar display for monthly appointments does not display enough information. You can see that you have something each day but not what it is. When the specific day is pulled up, listings before and after that day also come up, giving too much information. The screen seems smaller than the Samsung. The best difference is that the battery life is excellent. With the Samsung I ran out of battery halfway through the day. The Fire Phone lasts all day with some battery life to spare and it recharges quickly.
I wish I had waited I'm disappointed with my Fire Phone and wish I had waited on buying one. Battery life is terrible! My battery was fully charged this morning and not even six hours later it is down to almost 50% with light usage (a few card games, some instagram viewing and checking e-mail a couple of times). The lack of google apps is noticeable, but there are a number of other apps that I used consistently on my iPhone that are missing from the Amazon app store. I had planned on selling my iPhone 4S after getting this phone, but I still need to hang on to it to use these other apps (when I am connected to a wifi network now). Such a disappointment. Call quality is good though.
Features are great in theory, but not if the phone won't turn or stay on! Update 3-24-15: So the replacement (refurbished) phone I just got 8 days ago now will not TURN ON! I was looking at it--74% battery--when it turned itself off and will not turn back on-even on the charger. It will charge (it's at 79% now) but won't turn on on or off the charger. I bought this phone through AT&T & I have had it for 6 months and 7 days. Good: I love that it came with a year of Amazon Prime (added to my current year) and Kindle , the dynamic perspective, firefly, and swivel features; It's also easy to use (though IDK if my grandmother who's tech challenged could use it). Another thing I love is the flashlight option right there on the swipe down. The camera is great--esp since I take a lot of pictures and tend to forget my DSLR. It fits in my hand well (it's too small for my husband's liking though). The screen is a little small to watch movies on but it will do in a pinch and the sound quality is good. The carousel is a nice feature too. It's battery life is okay--however, don't keep Bluetooth on unless you are using it as that WILL drain it, and I don't "care" if my HD is on so IDK if that would drain it. The Bad: At 4 months I started having issues charging it in the car--it had to be sitting a certain way or it would not charge (I even bought a new USB cord to make sure it wasn't the cord-it wasn't). That was tad bit annoying but not something I couldn't deal with. At 5 months my screen faded (for lack of a better word) which (while it still worked) was annoying. I tried turning it off then back on, turning it off and letting it sit, etc. That afternoon I called AT&T about the warranty but while I was on the phone with them the phone shut itself off, came back on, and was fine again. Weird, but whatever. This morning I woke up to find out it didn't charge last night, I had 14% battery left. I checked to make sure it was plugged in (it was) tried the plug at another outlet, tried the USB with my computer, tried the USB cord with a different phone (worked fine) and tried my phone with another USB (still wouldn't take a charge)...so I gave up and called AT&T. They told me it was still under warranty, but even with the other issues I couldn't just get a new (different type of) phone unless I wanted to pay out the remaining on this one. They then had to transfer me to Amazon for the actual warranty. Brittany (with Amazon) was very helpful and didn't mind the interruptions by my kids; At this point I have 5% battery. She had me plug it into the computer so that I could make everything up (the USB worked fine with this so it was definitely that the phone just wouldn't charge) that wasn't automatically backed up with cloud such as my contacts. She also helped me back sure my other things were for sure backed up to the cloud etc. My new phone is set to arrive Sat. I'm hoping that I don't have any issues with this one. TLDR: Features are great, battery not so much.
ok, but needs improvements. There are not as many apps available like in Google play store. I do not like that there is no actually back button and only able to up swipe. The sound quality needs improvements. When I turn the volume up it just sounds like noise and not the song I am listening to. This is unfortunate because I like to listen to music on my phone a lot. The speakers in my old S4 had better sound quality even with the one speaker. I think the fire sounds more like an AM radio. I like that instant video is available as an app for this phone.
The size is perfect; fits easily into my hand and the slot ... This phone is everything I hoped it would be. The size is perfect; fits easily into my hand and the slot in my purse. I love the firefly app and the May Day app. If I would change anything it would be that there were more apps available in the store so that I didn't have to download them from the Internet. The camera is amazing and the sound quality is better than any phone I've had previously.
Do NOT buy I wanted to love this phone...I really did. However, after having to have it replaced after 6 months and now 6 months later it's acting up again, I'm ready for my contract to be up so I can get rid of it. After returning it and getting a replacement, Amazon canceled my prime membership since I returned the phone. It's a piece of Crap and I am so mad at myself for spending the money on it and being stuck with it for two years. I hate it. 0/5 stars! Do not buy!
it's found a value price point We own two of them because of the deep discounts and Prime subscriptions. I would rather use iPhones, but I don't want to worry over $600 handhelds. I still use an iPhone 4s as a mobile media player. Can't beat the 4s for that. The fire phone works ok as a utility device. I suppose someday I may root and reimage, but there's no rush. Amazon wasn't able take its platform to Apple-grade. Apple remains the gold standard for operability and stability and at a premium cost. The Fire is easy to factory reset. :)
After about 6 months everything started to go wrong... I got this phone on contract via O2, at first I was amazed, one of the best phones I have ever had, I was even recommending family and friends to get this phone! However, after about 6 months everything started to go wrong. It was getting over heated both when it was getting used or not. Regularly when I attempt to unlock the screen it stays black, it wont switch on, wont turn off, no matter what I do, then the speech comes on asking 'how can I help you?' but still, a black screen. This phone doesn't like the 'Facebook' app, it will just shut the system down, nor does it let you send messages on the app, instead I have to use my laptop. I am very carful with my phone, I always have a case on an take extra care when using it but the screen does not work as effectively as it should do, the touch screen is not that great! its as if it was made several years ago when technology was just getting good. the battery life was promised to stay 'great', I only allow my phone to be on charge for and hour, then unplug to stop the battery getting worse, but it now only last a max of 6 hours, even when not touched... Being 18 I use my phone very often, can the Fire Phone not come with being used everyday? I would highly suggest you think before you get this phone, is the small amount of 3D really worth the price? I am very disappointed in my experience of the Amazon Fire Phone, Amazon was my number 1 place to get everything!! I will be going back to iPhone's or Samsungs as soon as I can! I am not impressed.
horrible This is the worst phone I have ever owned. Its slow, buggy, the browser doesn't work (and usually randomly stops responding when im reading something shuts down), has a horrible app store, I could go on and on.
Two Stars Phone is nice, but Amazon is not honoring the full year of Prime as advertised.
it became an excellent phone. Very very good camera I have been using Fire phone more than 1year. After installing goole play apps, it became an excellent phone. Very very good camera. long battery life, easy to surfing around and read! I don't understand how come this phone turned out one of failed amazon products. No matter what people complained about this phone, the fire is one of my best gadget ever used by me. The phones I used so far Iphone 1, 4 Note 2 Galaxy Jr
Excellent Product! Excellent product, Battery life is dependent on how many features you chose to use. The customer support is great. Quality is awesome and its fun to use. Phone and text are working wonderful.I do not use this phone for business, I use it to for shopping and fun. I still use my iPhone for many of my banking and business needs simply because the amazon applications have not been developed by my banks systems yet.
This phone had so much potential. It was finally time to dump my old iPhone 4S. I researched many of the leading options and was impressed by the hardware found in the Fire Phone. The price was right so I bought it. After enjoying the gimicky "Peek" and "Dynamic Perspective" features for a day or so. I found myself disabling them for good. They weren't useful or even reliable. Had that been my only disapointment, I would have written off that part and kep tthe phone. Unfourtunately, Amzon missed the mark in creating their own flavor of Android OS. The exclusion of the Google Play store was annoying at first but became downright frustrating as I found the Amazon Appstore versions of many apps were missing key features found in the Google Play versions. Some of the features (like the "scan" option for the eBay app) were advertised as a feature in the Amazon App Store but not found in the app. Firefly was useful if you wanted to lookup a product... but only on Amazon. The feature is quick to recognize barcodes but then only lets you search in Silk for a match. I ran some side-by-side tests on the Fire Phone and my old iPhone 4S. Both are on the AT&T network. My iPhone consistantly receives Twitter, email, and eBay notifications 5-10 MINUTES before my Fire Phone. I could complete an email conversation using my iPhone with several back and forth emails before the Fire Phone ever notified me of the first incoming email. The MayDay feature is helpful but the operators (while friendly) couldn't even explain how to close a background app without a 7 step process involving jumping through the settings menu, manage applications, hunting for the app, then forcing it to quit by overiding the warning. I found on my own that simply double-clicking the home button and swiping up on an application icon did the trick. If you like auto-scrolling to simplify reading lengthy web pages, the tilt to scroll feature is nice. I just wish I could shut it off for when I have to set the phone down for a second. Whooosh!!!! I am instantly at the end of the site! This phone is going back to the store... and I am going back to looking for a real phone.
Five Stars Love this phone I find it a lot easier to navigate compared to the iPhone.
Great Phone I really like the Amazon Fire Phone. It looks very nice, and the photos are sharp and clear. The camera is easy to use, as is the Firefly feature. It is a very user-friendly phone. I showed the phone to my parents when I went to visit, and they both ordered one for themselves. I only had to use MayDay once, and they solved the issue immediately. I definitely recommend this phone to others.
some good,some bad.. So I've had my fire for about a year. I've sent the team suggestions to no avail. Here's basically what you need to know. Overall, the phone is nice looking, and easy to use. The design is great, and none of it feels cheap in anyway. The headphones give it beautiful sound. Screen crisp. The phone itself is beautiful really. Why the 2 stars? As a professional photographer that's shot for David's Bridal, dresses in Hawaii, and bikinis in Europe it's important to stay on top of the social media and how my clients interact with me and my work. Instagram on the fire is a joke. In fact I can't even find it on the marketplace anymore after I uninstalled it because they never updated it. I wasn't getting my clients direct messages (dms). I couldn't discover but like 12-16 pics at one time. Then you have Facebook. No updates for it. You can't see when people love it, wow it, or etc. So you might only see like 150 likes for something. Then you get on your computer and see all the wows and loves and have all together like 300 plus likes. Also, while they do have plenty of apps, they don't have many popular ones. The ones they do, I guess it must be a real struggle to update them. I don't know..?? So for me that's a big deal. If apps and social media life aren't important then sure, I would give it a solid 5.
great deal There are minor differences in the smart phones I have grown accustomed to in my past, but this phone also has additional features that my other phones didn't have, so I'm quite pleased. I mostly enjoy the fact that Amazon offered the phone for .99¢, & provided my family with the instant videos for free, for an entire year.
... many years and a prime member I wanted to love this phone Being an Amazon customer for many years and a prime member I wanted to love this phone. I tried the phone for two weeks and then wound up returning it to AT&T with a $35 restocking fee #%¥€. The phone has some fun features but not enough to make me keep the phone. The apps that I couldn't get with this phone weren't devastating but I still miss the some of the Apps I had with the iPhone. There are a few major disappointments with the phone. First of all it gets very warm and uses up the battery extremely fast. Probably the biggest reason I bought the phone was the Mayday help button. I felt like when I called they could answer easy questions; if you looked it up in the user guide you get the same answer. When I called to ask why my music through the Bluetooth in my car was skipping. They had me do a number of different things to the phone which I lost some information. I called three or four times to get an answer on this and no one seemed to know the answer so I plugged in my iPhone 3G into the car and played the songs that skipped on the amazon fire phone and it didn't skip. Then I plugged my iPhone 5c and the songs didn't skip. One representative told me they had a new update for the phone which I couldn't get from my phone so they instructed me to download it from the computer onto my phone so I did all that and when I called back because it didn't work the other rep said oh no you can't download it from the computer you have to download it from your phone which wasn't available at the time. Now I will need to transfer the songs I bought on Amazon to iTunes; another hassle. I hope they improve this phone in the future. I think it was released too early. But I do love Amazon' a customer service; it cannot be beat. I just placed an order and will continue to do so.
Four Stars Everything at your fingertips
Good, but room for improvement The design of the phone is beautiful and sleek, and the overall capacity of the phone is great. It doesn't tend to slow down at all and I have noticed it is very good when coming to handle more than one app at once. The only concerns that I have is that it tends to over heat easily, almost to the point of discomfort to the user. The other concern, is that the cameras shoot very well, but the four corner front cameras aren't usable and somewhat of a nuisance when it comes to reading something and all of the sudden the camera thinks you want to scroll and you lose your place. The phone overall runs extremely well and fast, but some things that people might want to look at before purchasing.
The fire phone seemed like it would be a phone that people who like ... The fire phone seemed like it would be a phone that people who like their kindles, yet want a smaller more portable device which also doubles as a phone, would want. Basically a no learning curve experience for kindle owners looking for a phone. So if thats what you are, you may love this phone. If you don't want features or all of the Android marketplace, and you want integrated Amazon features, this is the phone for you. If you're not someone like this, then this phone probably won't satisfy you.. you can't get certain apps such as snap chat or clash of clans without downloading from computer. The 3D perspective begins to get really gimmicky and I've actually turned it off at this point. Firefly is something cool to show your friends, or maybe if you're a book lover, it can come in handy, because that's all it seems to scan well. It feels luxurious, well made. It runs pretty smoothly. It comes with a year of Amazon prime, which can be the most useful thing in the world if you use Amazon a lot. At the price point it's fallen to, I'd just buy one of these evey year instead of paying 90$ a year for prime. Youre paying and extra 20 dollars for a pretty good phone. So honestly in the end, Don't misunderstand my three stars, if I were rating this phone for myself, I'd give it four stars, but since I know there are a lot of other Phone choices out there, and many which are smoother, easier, or just faster than this, I decided to rate it three stars.
The interface is strange at first but I really like the carousel and the way each app gets its ... The interface is strange at first but I really like the carousel and the way each app gets its own suggestions as you scroll, messages and email show recent entries, and calendar shows upcoming events. It's hard to explain but it flows nicely. The whole thing flows once you figure out which way it's going. The app selection is okay but there are apps I couldn't get. Fortunately, the ones I really need were there, mobile sites will do for others, and I can live without the ones I've lost access to. The display is very nice, the phone feels great in hand, and there is no lag or stuttering. Phone quality is good and it paired easily with Bluetooth devices. The lack of a back button is taking some adjustment. You have to swipe up from the bottom of the screen. Its growing on me. I use Airwatch MDM to connect to Exchange - no issues for mail, contacts, and calendar. Dynamic perspective doesn't matter to me. It doesn't get in the way, adds some effects. It's done well but I just don't need it. I'm much more excited about Firefly recognizing phone numbers and offering to dial them. It's too soon to say about battery life. Seems on par with the HTC One M7 I came from so it's decent. I'm enjoying the phone a lot. It's odd, but I knew it would be. Some things I'm used to are not there, but I knew they wouldn't be. I think Amazon did a good job here. Solid phone that integrates apps and services well. Not as seamlessly as iOS but more seamlessly than Google's Android phones from the various vendors. Very happy so far.
It's been a great phone Later this month, I will have had my fire phone for a year now. I like it's look, shape, and size. The battery has been good. I haven't had any problems with the phone. It's been a good phone and I am happy with it. My favorite thing about it is that it's connected to all my amazon stuff. The only negative has been that a few apps I would like to have are not available through Kindle. I hope in a year or so that Amazon will make a new updated version.
Worst smartphone I've ever owned. I'm a true Amazon fan. I really wanted this phone to succeed. I bought it as soon as it was released. I'm currently on my replacement phone, hoping that my experience was just a fluke. But it was not. This phone is possibly the worst smart phone I've ever owned. It possesses a lot of cool features, how ever it's far behind everything currently on the market, which is sad because I've only had it for 4 months. The best feature about this phone is Amazon's amazing customer service as always. I used Amazon's "Mayday" service to complain about the phone not charging. I would plug it in, and it would repeatedly go from charging status, to not charging. So they replaced the phone immediately. The ability to connect with a customer service rep within 10 seconds via video is pretty amazing, and if I was rating their customer service, I would be giving them 5-stars right now. Every morning, the phone does not automatically connect to the 4G LTE once I leave my house. I have to restart it every single time. Additionally, about 3-4 times a day, the phone simply does not respond to any button I press to bring the screen up to unlock the phone. I'm thinking it's doing something, but once I'm finally able to get the screen to turn on, I drag my finger down from the top to see what it is doing, and there is nothing. The camera is extremely limited in the settings menu. I can't do something as simple as setting a timer for the camera. The camera takes entirely too long to focus. the frame rate on the camera is the slowest I've seen on any smart phone camera. I can't believe Amazon said they spent 4 years making this phone. This phone seems like it was rushed through production. Another annoyance is that I have to manually organize my apps in alphabetical order. There isn't an option I can select for the phone to do it on it's own. The only place it organizes the apps automatically is when you switch over to the Cloud. Everyone complains that you're restricted to the apps available on the Amazon app store. This isn't really an issue for me. When I first started using an Android phone, I was in the same situation. People quickly forget the past. The app store is growing quickly. Everything I used on my old Android phone is now available in the Amazon App store. If you're looking to purchase this phone, I would steer clear, and stick with an Android phone. Amazon needed this phone to sell. Unfortunately, this phone was a massive dud in my opinion, and it shows in the sales figures.
I've got used to how the phone works but it's very different and an annoying learning curve Don't buy this phone if you ever want to use Google anything. Since they are competitors they don't allow you to use anything made by Google. They also make Bing your default browser. I also can't play the same apps as everyone else because Amazon's app store isn't even close to Google's. It won't play summoner wars, hero tactics, or (the more popular game) pokemon go. My camera was broken when I got it. I read up about it and found out a lot of people have the same problem. It's blurry in the same spot but if I switch it to selfie mode the blur is gone. Sometimes it randomly crashes. Also if you buy this for someone else (like ur kid) they can see all Amazon purchases made. Unfortunately for me it's connected to my ex's account so I get all his photos from the cloud downloaded to my phone. You can take this function off but I wish it wasn't defaulted this way. You have to have access to the Amazon account to remove this function. I've got used to how the phone works but it's very different and an annoying learning curve. If I had a choice I would never have bought this. They are trying to compete with everyone else and force you to use their sub par options. Which pissed me off more. I search for Google on Bing purely because I hate being forced to use their programs. Buy anything but this.
liked it at first then realized it's worthless to me Worthless can't down load the apps I need the lock screen started blinking then I got another one a month after I got it then 5 months later it does it again but this time it's worse lock screen freezes black have to hold 2 buttons to restart phone because screen is blacked out after restart it's normal phone has never hit ground or water has kool features but that's it if u use ur phone to pay bills this one won't so it sad
I LOVE MY FIRE PHONE I LOVE MY FIRE PHONE. I have had no problems with it and it has had great battery life compared to my Galaxy 3 phone. Need to get another charger for the house. Other than that, I would recommend it highly.
... Phone and the Amazon Fire Phone is far the BEST!! I have owned 2 iPhones & a Nokia Windows Phone and the Amazon Fire Phone is far the BEST!!!!! I would recommend this Phone to everyone!
recommended!! Great phone, it has many interesting features such as firefly and the photos resolution. I just wish the phone has more compatibility with more android apps but i guess that's why the ask for feedback so they can incorporate them to amazon store and avoid malicious apps that are out there
An incredible deal for $350 + 1 year of prime at $99! I preordered the phone when it was still priced at $650. When I received it, I was happy about the experience but not so happy about the cost. The phones integrates very well with the Amazon ecosystem and I finally had native support for the Amazon appstore and all the free apps of the day that I had in my collection. The interface is actually a lot cleaner and intuitive than my previous Android phone, a Galaxy Nexus, though less customizable. When Amazon announced that it slashed the price by $200 and I called customer service to get my rebate, I was ecstatic! That meant that I ended up paying only $350 for a high end phone and $99 for another year of prime that I would have payed anyways.
The camera is great. No I got tired of Apple and their shenanigans, so I switched to the Fire Phone. I honestly do not understand what so many reviewers are complaining about! The display is gorgeous. The battery life is more than any phone I've had (turn off your dynamic). The camera is great. No, there are not as many apps as on an Apple product, but surely, anyone switching from one to the other would expect that. There is an organizing app that is free that creates file folders. There's a generic YouTube app that had works great for me. The biggies are there. About the only thing that I don't like is the mapping system, but I didn't like Apple's either. Google Maps rocks.
It could've been better It could have been so much more. I'm a bit disappointed. The carousel is practically useless. Its only purpose is to show what the latest programs you used, i.e. a process list. It would've been much better if you could control what's on there and programs showing pertinent information to its function (task/todo programs showing tasks, etc), and not just recommendations to buy other programs of the same kind (I only need one task management program, don't need recommendations for 20 other ones). Also, why do I have to see every album I've downloaded there as a program? Or 20 top books from my Kindle account? Or every audiobook? It takes 30-40 swipes to get to the programs I want to use in the carousel. It's faster to just open the application screen. The carousel is useless. Amazon needs to improve this feature drastically or people will be turned off and carousel to another phone over time. So this is what I want there: 1) full control of what is showing, swipe up to remove something would for instance help (now you have to click and hold and select remove), 2) don't show media files as apps on it (option to turn on or off maybe?), 3) more apps need to show the content relating to what its doing rather than recommendations for shopping more (task programs showing tasks, note programs showing top notes--just like widgets can do in regular Androids). Why is it that Amazon's music and audio players are better on the regular Android than on Fire? The interface is better on Android for both programs. The music player doesn't show if a song is downloaded or not in the cloud? You have to click and hold to see if "download" is available. I don't know. And if a song is playing, you have to click on that tiny little arrow up in the left corner to go back to the album to choose another song. I think the Apple Nano with extremely limited interface is easer to use. For years I've been waiting for Immersed reading/listening. It's very cool that it's finally here, if it was here... It's not working that great. The wrong text is highlighted while audio is playing and the saved bookmarks are not synced properly somehow. When I switch to the kindle book, it didn't pick up where I was in the audio player but placed me 3 chapters ahead, then when I switch back to audio book, then it did pick up the wrong place in the kindle book. So I'm not using those features for now until they work better. Lastly, I don't think the battery is that amazing. It's a little bit better than the other phones I've used, but I was sold on some amazing battery performance that I can't see. It's just okay.
this is an awesome phone, I would recommend it to anyone this is an awesome phone , I would recommend it to anyone.
I "fix it" but wasn't enough... I'm a fan of Amazon and really wanted to like this phone. I got it for $199 so it was a "bargain" considering it's a smartphone, but it falls short. First of all, let me tell you that I'm the type of consumer that doesn't finance stuff, so I was looking for a decent smartphone I could pay upfront, and I didn't want anything at the ridiculous price of $600+ (it's a phone, people, come on). So when I saw that Amazon was offering the Fire Phone for $199 (Jan 2015), I took the chance. Also, I like to take the chance of using products the majority is not using. This is at the other side of the iPhone spectrum ;) THE PROS: - Nice screen size - Nice screen resolution - Great camera resolution - Good integration with Amazon services (duh!) that I use frequently (Kindle books, Audible, Store) - Related to previous point: their "Fire TV" app integrates well, I use my phone as an additional remote and game controller for the TV - You get free storage in the cloud for all your photos with your Amazon account - In order to promote their app store, they have a "free app of the day", that is really free (I checked that against the Apple store) - I like the firefly feature, it's quick to scan products, business cards, signs, etc. I use it all the time to create contacts - I haven't found significant bugs on their apps, no crashes, nothing disturbing. They're very robust - Feel good moment: I wanted to give Amazon the benefit of the doubt after all the bad reviews they got - It worked overseas. At least the wifi. I took a trip to South America and it worked THE OK STUFF BUT YOU CAN LIVE WITHOUT: - Dynamic perspective: it's nice to "show to friends", very cool and gets a lot of "wows", but I keep it disabled most of the time b/c it drains the battery. You can live without it THE CONS: - The battery seems to have lower livespan than other phones. OK without dynamic perspective - Very limited app store. Yes, thousands of apps, but useless. Some key apps (like banking and health) are not there. PLEASE SEE HOW I FIXED THIS below - Slow response: I noticed that when I'm editing pictures, it gets slow, it takes a while to save changes, or scroll - Not so friendly configuration interface. It's a bit confusing and it's not very easy to personalize tones for each app and contact HOW I "FIXED" ONE OF THE BIG CONS: - The app store! After all, this phone uses a customized Android OS. I found a video on YouTube which guided me, step by step, on how to download the Google Play Store and install it, and voalá! I have it on my phone and it is BEAUTIFUL! I now have all the apps I was missing (banking, photo editing, health, etc.) plus customization features like the ability to change the icons and the way to scroll the screen :) One of the BIGGEST downsides of this phone is Amazon's obsession to separate itself from Google: if they open up to the Play Store and give up that side of the battle, they can sell millions of these phones... their hardware is great (camera, screen resolution, size, etc). Just offer more apps! OTHER NICE THINGS... - I like some accessories I found, like cases and skin protectors, I was actually surprised to find the variety I did, I wasn't expecting it. But hey, you can also find the same for other phones. STILL, IT DOESN'T QUITE WORK: - I'm still frustrated at how slow it gets some times, and I have to restart it more times than I want to admit I'M STICKING TO IT FOR A WHILE... - You know? I'm happy with the fact that I got all the apps I wanted installed and that it works fine for now for me. I think I'll stick to this phone for at least another 6 months. I paid $200 for a smartphone with 64GB of memory, a good screen resolution, great camera and good apps. I can be a bit patient with it for few months ;)
Easy to use I could not get the hang of my first smart phone , but the fire phone is easy to learn , fun to use ,my grandchildren are impressed at me being able to use it and this phone's 3D screen is just super. This is the first time I have impressed my grandchildren with anything electronic. I use Amazon music , and shopping. How can this be the cheapest smart phone at AT&T ?
... phone and unique I was eager to buy and enjoy the uniqueness which never lasted long Being a first generation phone and unique I was eager to buy and enjoy the uniqueness which never lasted long. The phone could get super warm on charging or using, would develop problems such as going off leaving you with no option. Most of the Android Apps are not on the phone hence makes it pretty hard to access what you want.Given other options quickly go for them unless the fire is improved
A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT I have tried and tried to get support to help with several problems. I call get someone, they refer me to someone else, they put me on hold and then end the call and have the nerve to send me an auto survey "How did we DO?" I have not been able to take decent pictures since the first month I have had the phone. I know there must be something wrong with the aperture but not one tech person ever suggests this, they just want to refer me on.... I can take pictures turning the phone around, but not with the screen towards me. Also, the button to turn the phone off has disappeared into the phone and only can be accessed by poking a pen or some other object into the phone.
I LOVE THIS PHONE!!! I bought the phone because of the price. I love this Phone!! It is a good size and fast. Works well as a phone which was important to me as many smart phones don't any more. Great looking phone and great packaging ... Customer service is right on your phone with Mayday it is a touch of a button and is staffed with friendly people who understood my problems and fixed them right away. I love the map feature and find there are plenty of games and apps! And I got so many free things!! WOW!! 1. Amazon Prime free movies music and apps and shipping 2. $10 worth of coins to spend on amazon 3. a boatload of free android apps Phone works great! Battery life not so good but what phone is these days? You always have to charge them constantly ... I am very happy with my phone!!
switched from iPhone I switched from the iPhone and upgraded to the Amazon Fire. At first I was skeptical, but since I basically used my iPhone for books and audio books, I thought I'd give it a try. I not only liked it, but I LOVED it. After an accident in a canoe tohat caused me to replace it, I didn't hesitate to get the Fire again. Minor complaints with some freezing, but it hasn't happened once I got everything set up. One of the other minuses is that Amazon doesn't have access to the Google+ apps, but still a large source of apps are available. It all depends on what you use your phone for, but if your a bookstore, this is the phone for you.
LOVE my Fire Phone! I've had the Fire Phone for a few days. Love the 3d, the access to Prime music and Prime books. It syncs with my kindle. Easy to use. Love mayday help. Don't like how I have to close apps. Doesn't recognize all my contacts to call peeps by voice command. Basic apps are easily available like Facebook and Pinterest. Love bigger screen than IPhone 5s. Got all email acts easily on this phone. Got my Fire Phone at AT&T store. Love my Trina Turk phone case. It's beautiful. Map directions worked great for me. Weather works fine. Firefly works ok. Very happy with this phone!
DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO BAD REVIEWS !! DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO BAD REVIEWS ! This is where they're all coming from, GREENPEACE is on a mission, all these bad 1-star reviews are from greenpeace people who haven't even purchased the phone. Why is it that people are allowed to write a public review when they haven't even purchased the product ?? This is just WRONG. Read below, this is directly from the greenpeace website, full instruction on how to write a bad review,and as you can see this phone is flooded with them. Completely insane. "Thank you for telling Amazon’s Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos to finally come clean about his company’s energy performance and environmental impact. Making this information public is the first step to getting Amazon to clean up its act. And the more the company hears from its customers, the quicker it will happen. Let's take this to the next level by talking to Amazon in the one language we absolutely know it understands: product reviews! HELP flood Amazon.com with 1-star reviews for their first ever smartphone, the Amazon Fire. Why the Fire? The recently released Fire phone’s major boast is its unlimited cloud data storage ... but there’s a BIG catch. Unlike Apple’s iCloud which is powered by 100% renewable energy, Amazon’s cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal, gas and nuclear power. Amazon’s Fire’s reliance on dirty energy isn’t cutting edge, and it’s completely unnecessary. Storing our photos, music and messages shouldn’t mean we are forced to damage the health of our climate and communities. Apple, Facebook, and Google have figured out how to store our photos and music with renewable energy, and so can Amazon. These reviews will show Amazon that it’s time to move to modern energy sources and make a “smarter phone” supported by clean, renewable energy. Do you have an Amazon.com account? Great! Now, take these TWO easy steps to tell Amazon to shape up: Number 1Copy the following review (or just write your own): It’s time to put out the Fire! It makes sense why the price of the Fire has dropped to 99 cents, when its key feature - unlimited photo storage in the cloud - comes with a hidden cost. The Fire’s reliance on dirty energy like coal and gas to power its cloud is not a strong selling point, especially when competitors like Apple are using 100% clean, renewable energy. If Amazon can commit to using modern energy sources, then maybe I could consider giving the Fire a higher review. Number 2Click HERE to leave a 1-star review on the Amazon Fire Phone product page: Pssst … don't forget to click "one" star when you paste your review. And you may need to log into your Amazon.com account first before accessing the review page. Thank you again for taking action. Time and time again we’ve seen that your support makes a big difference in getting companies like Amazon to embrace better policies. As an Amazon.com customer, it’s important they hear from you directly. For a greener internet and future, David Pomerantz Greenpeace USA Senior Energy Campaigner P.S. If you're not an Amazon.com customer, don’t worry! There are plenty of other ways you can help out."
HATE THE PHONE - DO NOT BUT FROM AT&T I bought my Amazon in February 2015... absolutely loved it! 2 months later, or whenever it's JUST right passed when you can return it, I went back to ATT with complaints. As in, my phone randomly calls people who are NOT in my contact list, my phone will not receive calls at all, no text messages are being received on either end. Well ATT tells me, they don't handle the phones, Amazon does, BUT if I want a new one just pay off the $400 on this phone and get a new one. UMMMMMMM NOPE..... I don't want this broken phone let alone pay you for a broken phone... duh.... so I call Amazon, who sends me a new fire promptly... again first month, perfect.... now back to the same ole headache... why oh why must technology want to annoy me... now the waiting game again... dumb...
Awesome Phone Got the fire phone about a week ago. So far it's been a great device. I noticed a lot of negative reviews. I can't find anything not to like. There is a slight learning curve to the fire OS. But I think it's fun and refreshing. The battery life on my unit has been great. I haven't put it down much since I bought it, so I have been getting about 6-7 hours on a charge. I just purchased the Amazon leather case for it. I will probably do a review on YouTube soon. This phone will be my daily driver until Amazon releases a new one, hopefully next year.
I like the platform and features of this phone I like the platform and features of this phone. I've been debating on getting it, but when the price dropped I had to jump. I've been a Kindle fan for years. I like my previous apps load to my phone automatically. THe camera is awesome. Though I don't have much use for it the Firefly feature is my new fun gadget. What needs improvement more than anything else is the battery life. If you use your phone a lot, like I do you will be constantly charging your battery. I just take the usb cord with me and charge it in the car, charge it on the laptop...CHARGE it constantly. I was also disappointed it doesn't work with my Ford Sync. They have some work to do but for their first entry in the competitive cell market I think they did o.k.
Sturdy/built well fun extras: dynamic perception Pros: Sturdy/built well fun extras: dynamic perception, firefly, ect... great sound (using phone/music) easy amazon purchases Cons: missing common apps crashes randomly won't show missed calls/texts/ect... I bought this phone back in August, originally because I love amazon. I think the site is amazing, I've loved my moms kindle fire, and I liked the fun add-ons that it has. The phone itself is well built, study, and is appealing looks wise. I have had a case and a screen protector on it since I bought it, but even without the case I'm pretty sure that it would hold up. All these great things do not make up for what it is, and that is a flop. Probably 90% of the time the phone will not display that I'm getting a call, and even if it does it won't tell me I have a missed call. The apps crash constantly, I have tried everything, resetting the phone deleting apps, you name it and it does not get better. The app store is O.K., its missing a lot of common apps, but I knew about that going in, but it is still quite frustrating. My lock screen randomly changes on me even though I tell it not to. I have to restart my phone probably once a day, sometimes more, to get it to run at a proper speed. I've heard it doesn't have the best battery life, I was used to an iphone that I dropped in a puddle, so I don't notice the lack of battery life. All in all, loved the concept but I would never recommend this phone to anyone. There are too many bugs, and it is just all around too frustrating to have.
Very Pleased First smart phone I've ever had and am very pleased. Especially with the cameras! Absolutely a breeze to take photos and share them immediately. All buttons and functions work as expected. No problems what so ever.
Replacement works better than defective first This is my second review. I bought the first one on the day they came out. A mistake. I went round and round on whose fault it was that it did not work right. Finally, after several months, Amazon replaced it. The second one is not perfect, but it works much better.
Good phone! Graphics are good Good phone! Graphics are good, but the auto scrolling needs to be turned off or it will drive you crazy.Battery life seems okay. This phone is definitely for Amazon lovers, and I just happen to be one. Most apps can be sideloaded, its easy to figure out, just google it. I have the bmo harris bank app on mine. I also have Google Maps on it, I just can't login in to save, but I can still use the maps. If you love Amazon, and want a decent phone then this is the phone for you. If your not an amazon fan, stay away, go get an iPhone. Notes for newbs. Amazon was nice enough to create Mayday, if you cant figure something out, don't want to bother watching the instructional videos included in the carousel, or think something should be there that isn't then open up Mayday, and talk to the friendly person who is more than happy to help you with any issues. Apps from the google play store can still be side loaded, I currently have 12 apps from the play store installed and working on my phone. There's a few websites out there that help you download the apps, and install ES File Explorer from the Amazon app store so you can see the files after you download them. Some Apps that are fully working so far and installed on my phone from the play store: 1) Firefox 2) Microsoft Mobile Office 3) UVO for KIA 4) Xbox Music THIS PHONE DOES NOT REQUIRE A BACK BUTTON, SWIPE UP FROM THE BOTTOM, NOW STOP BEING LAZY AND WATCH THE INSTRUCTIONAL VIDS.
GOOGLE PLAY WAS EASY! I got the 64 g from att yesterday, and its better then i thought it would be. By a long shot. First, google play is not only possible but its easy to get. Just change app settings on phone download away . I had some bad feelings about the dynamic perspective. Its amazing. Im in love with it. The talk sound quality his superb, and the internet is way faster then my samsung galaxy s4. No back button is only reason i gave 4 stars .
Wait for it to go on sale. Do yourself a favor and wait until Amazon runs one of it's 'One day only sales'. I got the phone with no Sim card and 32GB with a free year of prime for $189.00. The prime membership was half the cost and with a Net 10 Sim card kit, I get unlimited access for 30 days at $45.00. Screen is very small and battery life is Short!
Don't waste your time, money and sanity on this phone! I have had this phone 11 months and regretted getting it from the beginning and have only become more and more frustrated! Apps are limited to choose from and any useful app is not an option. The tilt feature works when I don't want it to and doesn't work when I do! I usually keep phones for a few years but I'm over this phone!
App Store needs work. I've had the Fire phone for about two weeks now and feel like I can give a fairly reasoned review on the phone. I think its great but the app store is 98% junk, and of what is left most of that is glitchy and buggy. You CANNOT download apps from The Google Play Store. No X-Box music app and I think this is due to Amazons heavy push on its Music Store, that is not a Monthly Service but a Pay For site like I-Music. What music they offer for free via Prime is a joke. Best off downloading your music straight to the phone and forget about streaming. Games well what can I say, most suck, some work--kinda, the rest try to trick you into buying something. Hopefully with feedback this app thing will improve. To note, the basic everyday apps like Facebook and Yelp work flawlessly and in some cases better than on any prior device I've owned. A pet peeve of mine is not being able to personalize my phone and there are very little personalization features on this phone whatsoever, in fact your phone will look pretty much exactly like everyone's, outside of a choice of a few colored cases.
Bamboozled!!!!!!! Initially, I thought this phone was cool and as a happy amazon and kindle customer, I loved it! Now, I no longer have an app for my bank account; which means no mobile check depositing, no easy check-out at stores! I can't take advantage of my cable company's app; which now means I would have to pay again to watch shows I already have access to. This is just plain awful AND I'm stuck with this phone until my contract with AT&T says I can finally upgrade to another phone! The irony is I only signed on with AT&T because I wanted this phone. I have been bamboozled! Yea, an additional year of Prime was a great benefit, but it seems like the only benefit at this time. I would have gladly paid out of pocket instead for Prime but now I'm stuck with this pretty piece of nothing. Perhaps one day I can offer this phone to The Smithsonian as a relic of promising yet failed technology!
excellent phone,would also be a good buy for teenagers. I was a little worried getting the Fire cause all the bad reviews. I don't usually do reviews but had to cause it's a really good phone, I've re commended it to everyone. It's really easy to use and the Mayday feature is awesome. If you like Kindle you'll love this phone. Also the Amazon cloud is easier to use than I-cloud.just waiting for better cases to be available. If your worried about data usage you can easily set limits.
LOVE, HATE, great potential but....... Short simple review without turning into a manifesto. I have had androids and iPhones ... lots of both. iPhone can be a pain sometimes but it tends to be a very well developed phone. Rarely does something come out of the Apple oven half baked. The fire phone is so much better for me in many ways. Sizes, screen layout, logical display. The notification scrolling screen is great. HOWEVER!!!! Some Apps and highly flawed on the fire phone. I book bands for shows from time to time, and this has become a Facebook reliant business. On fire phone this the worst app ever. Fire phone "pings" that there is a notification, but no icon shows?!?!? If you scroll over email it shows you a list of email in. Great idea. If you scroll over Facebook... it shows you what to buy???? It locks up a lot on Facebook!!! this means you are restarting the phone to get out of it. If you like having a circle of friends on a phone list...... you don't get that here. You can't separate your most common numbers from your list. I have over 200 phone numbers and I can't separate my home, wife or family from the list.. Major bummer! With that said, just about everything else is great! I hope AMAZON is reading. I will keep on this phone for years but you need to fix the obvious flaws. They are big freaking flaws!!
This is the first smart phone I have owned This is the first smart phone I have owned, so it's impossible for me to compare it with anything else. I'm still getting use to all the functions. I'm sure it's not perfect,but neither is life. I'm sure I'll survive. I don't get all the bad reviews. I guess all these "dirty energy" people never leave their homes.
objective review, enjoy a variety of operating systems Your almost there. So stop investing in the gimmicks and get basics right. 1. When I type "for" your stupid predictive text gives me fire, every time. Get over yourself 2. You need make stuff the same. When using flick the phone clockwise to pull the right menu... I wanna see weather, calendar, messages, etc..... every single time. Its a way to get my days summary and important information. 3. Fix the stupid dimming feature. Adjust pitch black in the room but the phone never reached its darkest possible screen setting unless you turn off auto dimming. Very annoying. 4. Email- please outsource this or something... changed my email password online and wasted they minutes trying to get the phone to take the new password. Eventually had to just remove the account and add it again. 5. Stop the bugs. The beauty of a mobile OS is that they are simple and integrated and therefore follow a set of rules making them predictable. Android had the bad habit of being flaky and instead of what the user expects to happen the app force quits or the process sous or something else too that effect. Figure out how to stop this from happening, ever. Put additional testing wherever it's needed to make this possible... our farm out the device and OS and be hair masking money in other platforms. Suggestions- 1. Build your OS with a core and then allow third parties to add their own customizations. Eliminating the need for routing and giving peyote the opportunity to make your platform more useful. 2. Finance the development of real applications on your platform. Pay fire Microsoft's development of office on Amazon devices. Hold a contest and award devs with amazingly great apps with free development on your platform. 3. Build out your Windows experience using Windows 10 universal apps and enable all your devices fire dual booting. It will help you get into the business sector with the device and give the user a business os and home os. 4. Build a special brand of fire OS which can be accessed remotely from any device through an app you publish...in every store...and allow users to experience the integration and seamless alternative. Also this would serve as a way fire you to remain platformindependent and break into a desktop OS by getting people used to fire OS in the desktop and laptop.
Love this phone but have a few issues not even ... Love this phone but have a few issues not even a whole month and back cracked. I dod not drop it Volume has issues. Sometime randomly the music goes really loud. I know it sounds like I am complaining but I am not. I absolutely LOVE my fire phone. I switched from being an iphone person and I am glad I did.!!!!!!
Buy it for the customer support, keep it for the gimmicks Reasons to buy: 1. Amazon customer support: With Amazon as the manufacturer, distributor, and seller, I have zero worries about any gross manufacturing defects. And that's without mentioning Mayday. 2. The gimmicks: Yes, dynamic perspective and Firefly (and even Mayday) are gimmicks. But they're still really, really cool. Just because there aren't many apps that use dynamic perspective yet, doesn't mean it should be discounted. 3. This phone is a complete package: Even without installing any apps, this phone has everything your average person could want, already built in. I'm not talking bloatware (which is minimal - trust me, there's no NFL app that just can never be deleted), I'm talking about stuff that I'm sure every Samsung user has to go through and download when they get a new phone. In addition to the basics of talk and text, the Fire OS has E-mail (which CAN connect to Gmail), a web browser, maps, a calculator, a wallet app, weather, a flashlight, a calendar, and all the amazon member apps (books, music, video, shopping). Reasons not to buy: 1. You're not ready for a change. If you love your Android or iPhone, then there's no reason to switch. 2. You can't handle not having Grubhub or Seamless apps on the phone (and you can't stand using the browser to just go to the website), or you absolutely love one particular game that is not available on the Amazon app store. How can I give this phone a 5 star review when it has less than 3 average? Because it deserves it. People have dinged it for having poor battery life (it doesn't-- not any worse than any other smartphone ever made), poor app selection (so what? there's always another app that does the same thing), or being gimmicky (as I already said, the gimmicks are really cool). Or, they've given this phone a low score because they're still in love with their old phone, and didn't give it a proper chance. Meh. Hate the phone if you want. I kinda like being the only person with a Fire phone-- it's fun showing it off to everyone :D
good phone easy transition from iphone. Although this phone is not without its faults, like all technology, it is still a work horse. I am able to quickly transition from task to task, keep all my appointments organized, and load apps and web pages at lightning speed. The bad about this phone is the battery life. Keep your charger with you, the phone also seems to get really hot.
You won't be sorry, but proud to own one I am in awe of the Amazon Fire Phone. It didn't take too long to learn to navigate and now I'm a pro. The screen, camera, and audio are awesome. It's almost like having a mini Kindle at my disposal 24/7. I knew from the moment I first saw this phone that it would be exceptional because I own 2 Kindle Fire's and Amazon Fire TV that are superb. Amazon always takes the idea a step or two further than other products of the same caliber. You won't be sorry for owning this phone...you'll be proud to have one.
So far I have really enjoyed this phone So far I have really enjoyed this phone. There are Manu small things that have made it fun to use. The only reason it isn't getting a 5 star rating is because of some of the apps that it is missing. I know this isn't Amazon's fault but I feel as though it should offer a few more of the most popular apps.
It's okay, I've had better and worse. The app store just doesn't carry basic apps, including but not limited to airline and bank apps I had on my previous android phone. I travel a lot, and those are pretty important apps to me. I have had the phone for two weeks, and I've had to reboot it three times because it got stuck. On the other hand, phone clarity is excellent and the basic email handling system is quite good. The texting program works well, and allows for group texting better than some other androids. The keyboard isn't always responsive, however, and I have to retype words three or four times because it just doesn't process. If I were to do it over, I'd go with the Samsung Galaxy S5.
I really like the fire phone I really like the fire phone. It's a great device, no issues with its functionality. You will find the apps limited. The Amazon app store has most of the big apps, Facebook etc, but you'll find a lot of the smaller developers aren't on the marketplace yet. This is something Amazon tells you up front. Just be aware that you can not use the Google play store like you would most Android phones. If you're like me and don't use a ton of apps, you'll be plenty happy with what's available. Dynamic perspective is a cool addition. Not absolutely necessary but neat non the less The gesturing and moving the handset to access menus takes a little getting used to, but is useful once you get accustomed. Battery life could be better, but a full charge gets me through a full day with average usage without a problem. All in all a great phone. Switches from and iPhone and have not regretted it.
Some good features but I really wanted to like this phone, I ordered it Friday at the AT&T Store and picked it up Monday. I sent it back today Thursday. I liked some of the features and another free year of Amazon Prime would have been great as we own two Kindle Fires. The deal breaker for me was the text messaging feature. The font while texting is just too small, could barely see it. I contacted Mayday and went back to the store, but there is no way to make the font bigger. Sadly had to return the phone!
Bought it 2 yrs ago and still LOVE IT! I bought this phone a few months after it came out in 2014. I did not understand the critical reviews at the time. My phone was stolen out of my car in spring of 2016. I immediately went to purchase a new one, only to find out they were unavailable. Apparently Amazon gave selling rights to someone else. So, I bought a new fire phone off Ebay. I didn't feel as good and secure as if I purchased it direct from Amazon, but I did want the phone, and it was the only way to get it. I will say again, I still don't understand the harsh critiques--I feel like most of them are too technical for me to care about, and things that don't affect me. I love the phone, and can't wait for a new version to come out. I have read a lot about the Amazon/Goggle dispute.. I do understand AMZ's side, however, most android users are in fact google play reliant. They ARE a leader in app stores. Although I love the phone, I will admit to "doing what I had to do" to get Google Play on my fire phone. It's perfect now. At the very least, If you do not compromise with Google, put out a back door app to allow for Google Play for users who are adamant about it. To those who think the battery does not last long enough, well I think it depends on what you are doing and what apps are running in the background--like most phones today--I tend to have chargers at home, car and work. This just seems pretty normal for all phones. There are a wide variety of phones at my job, and it seems to me they all need frequent charging given their larger capabilities. It is a quality phone, very fast. My personal observations to improve sales would be to lower the initial cost, do something to include google play store (play nice and don't re-invent wheel)--I read the average person spends $0/mth on apps--that's me--only the free ones., don't tie the phone down to a single carrier-although this seems to be the way it's done a lot, and, keep listening to your loyal customer base (me again!). I will buy a new fire phone--I told my son he can have my phone when the new fire phone comes out--He's very impatient--(me too).
Ring of Fire First I want to say I'm not a phone poweruser and previously had an iPhone. I like the Fire and the year of Prime is a bonus. Sound quality is excellent. I don't miss google apps and if I ever do I can just turn on the "allow non-Amazon app installation." Everything loads so fast, not something I was used to with the old iPhone I had been using. I do miss having a speaker phone. The dynamic pictures are very eye catching and kind of gimmicky but I like them. Overall i'm enjoying my new phone and would recommend it to others.
Good & Smart FINE PHONE, it is very good and the only thing I find a little difficult is untapping the zoom screen. If you tap it twice the screen will zoom in so you can read it better if you have sight problems. (without my glasses I have some difficulty reading certain screens) But I sometimes find it a little bit frustrating trying to exit the zoom and get it back to normal, but I am sure it is something I am not doing correctly. So I would recommend this phone to all.
Great phone but with some small disappointments Great phone but with some small disappointments,case in point the calender will not work as far as scheduling events with out another email program such as Gmail to work with it other than that it's a great phone. Thanks Greg
I'm getting used to it, the only thing is ... I'm getting used to it,the only thing is I can't get my bank app on my phone and I don't want google play for my music because they put the ad on the bottom of your phone and it takes to much room.Then you have to pay for it.
Wanted to love but counting the days to a new phone Like so many others I really wanted to like the Fire Phone. Having the phone for close to 2 years, the bottom line is that the software limitations are too significant. App limitations are of course the monolithic weakness. To not even be able to run a Starbucks app this late in the game is pretty sad. All the flicking is okay with me, and hardware wise the phone is quite nice, but Amazon's store and community are too small and have little to no help from Amazon. Thankfully I jumped on the sale of $200 and got a year of prime free, but even at $100 I would NEVER buy this phone again. I wouldn't take one for free.
I love the new fire I love the new fire. Only problem I have is hitting the right letters when I type. I am still learning how to use some of the apps I moved from a BlackBerry to the fire, and I loved the BlackBerry. The fire to me looked more user friendly than the IPhone. One happy customer. Keep up the good work Amazon.
My Favorite Phone Yet. I have bought two fire phones now. The first still works, but cracked due to me smashing it with a ping-pong paddle, so I bought another. The interface is the best mobile UI I have encountered and there is rarely ever lag. It is a great buy.
I love this phone the battery life is awesome I love this phone the battery life is awesome, and all it features and dont have borrow my daughters kinddle tablet to play games, one thing that I would have love its that amazon would have the emoji app to use emotion on my conversation like everybody else, but I hope you guys are working on it.
I have enjoyed my phone I have enjoyed my phone. I do wish it had an indicator/notification light to show when an email or message has been received and a way to delete an email from the handset only without deleting it from the in-box too. Those are two things I really miss about my Blackberry.
Forever a fire phone lover! I had the fire phone and I absolutely loved it. I was an iPhone user for many years but for me the fire phone was my all-time favorite phone. Due to the fact that you could only get the fire phone through AT&T I unfortunately switch back to an iPhone because I wanted to switch to a different provider. I wish I had been able to keep the fire phone but unfortunately due to the restricted sales that did me in. I loved having the firefly right on the side of the phone as well as the camera access. Picture quality was amazing. And for someone who mainly uses everything Amazon it was the perfect phone. Of course the downsides were if you've had an iPhone all your iTunes music was basically lost to you via phone access. There wasn't as many apps as there are for iPhones. Unfortunately iPhones have dominated the phone industry for the most part, so bringing out new products is harder because so much is targeted to those phones (apps, accessories, music etc) all and all I still wish I could have my fire phone back. And I believe if they expanded their provider sales that the fire phone could possibly become a better selling product. If they did a deal like iPhones like the one I acquired at sprint unlimited text talk and data at $50 a month They would probably have sale skyrocket. And you best believe I would have my fire phone back in a minute!
The Amazon Fire Phone is a wonderful item to buy The Amazon Fire Phone is a wonderful item to buy. The cool features like dynamic perspective and firefly make the phone even better. The ear buds are excellent almost if not as good as beats ear buds. It is also light weight has a sleek black color. However there are bad things about it. One the phone gets to hot if too many apps are open are using it while charging. Secondly the app store is small compared to Google play and ios. So you have to side load some apps but still an amazing phone with good quality.
Mostly love it! For texting, websurfing, Facebook and email this is a great phone. The sound quality on my end is not the best for phone calls. People I am talking to have no problems hearing me but I often have trouble hearing them. Many times I have asked them to either text or facebook a message instead of talking. If my primary use was as a phone this would be a problem but it is not. I use the most for texts and emails. Love everything except the poor sound quality.
Five Stars This is the best phone that I ever had.
I love this phone, don't know why others don't I really love this phone. I don't know or care why people haven't given it positive reviews. The main inconvenience of the phone is that it doesn't allow you to get Google play services, but you can sideload the apps, and using this method I now have Google play services. There is a beautiful camera and great sound quality.
great clarity, wi-fi drops when you leave house though great clarity, wi-fi drops when you leave house though, have to manually switch wifi....also if you want to use TD or Bofa...no apps work with phone...but amazon prime for 1 year trumps those shortcomings....
Horrible This is hands down the worst phone I have ever had. I would happily go back to using my "dumb" phone circa 2005 if I knew where it ended up. The operating system is constantly freezing and crashing. I haven't been able to access my visual voice mail log for weeks now. The GPS function decided to stop working last week, so now I can only look at addresses on a map and figure my own way around. The search engine function doesn't work half the time, and if I use it for more than 10 minutes the phone gets blazing hot. I called AT&T and begged and pleaded for them to let me trade to another phone, and was told "sorry, no can do". This thing is only good for making a call, and that's IF I can even get a signal. The google play store apps that are available are useless. I can't even find an app for my bank, and it's a major bank. Every single day I want to take this thing and throw it against a brick wall. Amazon I love all of your other products, but this phone is horrible. When I think about how I'm stuck with it for another year I want to scream.
I love my phone I love my phone, but I don't like that I don't have the back button to come out of pages. Swiping up to come out is a nuisance and I keep accidentally swiping something on the bottom of the page. This is frustrating. I also miss google.
Complete Garbage We got two phone, one half works the other can not hold a charge, drops calls you name it, We have tried time and again to get it repaired or replaced but unless you have 5 to 10 hours a day you will get nowhere with tech support. For over a year now we got nowhere with tech support to resolve anything. When they control the phone and can not fix it they will disable the network and close the support ticket if they even open one to start with. However as soon as its out of warranty you seem to get to the point where they will fix it for a price. I recommend paying more for a name brand phone.
Amazon OS just not for me Its a nice phone, good features, good camera, and great for the price, as well as getting free prime for a full year. Although for me at least, i had to return the phone for the following reasons: - Did not like the operating system and the interface. I think Amazon is trying to introduce something new...take the existing android OS and make it their own. For me i didn't enjoy it because being so much familiar with apple and android OS using this OS just didn't seem as good at least to me - Another thing I didn't like was how you weren't allowed to download any google apps. Maybe this is google doing this to amazon, but either way other than using the mobile web version's of google maps, youtube, gmail, etc, you won't be able to use the true app like what we're most accustomed to. There's a difference in the quality after testing youtube on an android device and this phone. - One thing I did like was just in case the amazon app store didn't have the app you wanted, you could simply side load it by downloading the apk file which usually you could download on the app's website. Again though, this won't apply to any google apps. - Finally, if you take the risk or confident that you could jailbreak or turn your phone into an android phone, then to me at least the phone would be awesome.
I think the phone is a great value. With regard to the available apps I've had this phone now for two months and overall it's worked well and met my needs. Given the $.99 price point and the year of Prime, I think the phone is a great value. With regard to the available apps, I've not run into any major problems...though my main uses are for calls & texts, playing music and listening to audio books, checking the weather and light web use. My only frustration was an inability to load music via USB...I ended up paying for the Amazon Music cloud service which I hadn't intended but overall have been happy that I did. Overall, I think the product is reliable and a great value.
Goodbye iPhone Former iPhone user and do not have plans of going back! Pros: we bought 2 phones (husband and wife) love that we can view all pictures on both phones. syncs with our kindles easy to figure out easy to find downloaded app Cons: not a lot of apps. would love to see Michaels, Joann Fabrics, HobbyLobby, starbucks, better run tracker apps Better ringtones
I like the phone and the way it works I like the phone and the way it works. This is my first smart phone, therefore I had no preconceived opinion. I like the Kindle ability. I am disappointed in the availability of apps. The information page listed a large number of apps, some which I would want on my phone are not available for the Fire phone, such as Delta Airlines and SiriusXM Radio. I find it misleading to have apps listed on the information page which are not available.
The Fire is on Fire! Just an awesome phone. Big but not too big. All kinds of motion activated features, and quick screens that can be swiped from all four edges. The Amazon prime trial it comes with entails TONS of free music to stream, super entertaining shows, and very simple to sync with Windows and Apple computers. I've had no complaints so far aside from a not so long lasting battery. But that may just be me because I always have this thing in my hands!
Keep an (Eye) out for up coming up grades very soon........... While, the "Fire Phone" is far from being perfect, I think that Amazon created a device that is defiantly different from any other smart phone on the market right now. The Firefly, Dynamic Perspective and Mayday are just a few of the new features that are offered with the phone. I think for Amazon's first time try they did a great job with the Fire Phone. From my understanding Amazon is in progress with improving some of the missing apps, I'll wait for the accommodations being made. I think that Amazon wanted to create a phone for Amazons customers and some of those who were not a part of the Amazon community, to merge and enjoy the perks of shopping with Amazon. However, those who have tested the device in comparison with other devices they were use to; may have tainted and spoiled there taste of what a good phone should entail. That is a big mistake in my opinion; you simply can't enjoy the phone if you're going to compare it with other devices (just enjoy the new features that's offered) it simply doesn't help if you're thinking of the old things you are already use to. On the other hand, like myself and a few others customers feel that it's a good match to some of the high end phones on the market, perhaps it isn't top notch , but it fits in with some mediocre to high competition. I'm doing a quick update , well one thing you should know that I didn't is IF YOU ARE HAVING YOUR PHONE SHIPPED , YOUR 14 DAYS HAS ALREADY STARTED FROM THE MOMENT IT SHIPS. IF IT TAKES 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS YOU HAVE LESS THAN 7 TO MAKE UP YOUR MIND IF YOU CHOOSE TO KEEP IT. I was very upset about this issue , because it should have started once I received the device. The perk is that, I plan to keep it, because I adore it the crisp screen, picture quality is great ,and I find myself calling Mayday just to use the feature, it's just that cool. I'm waiting on Amazon to make some changes. (Today is 8/1/14) I'll be back soonfor more updates. To tell you the truth, I was scared straight literally only because of some of the bad reviews here. I figured I would take a chance and see for myself "each his own" with the bad to worst reviews, I'm sure Amazon will probably create another device and tweak some of the customer's request in their 2nd phone to come. I think I'm going to ride this one out with Amazon, until something new comes along that is as eccentric as some of the feature offered here with the Fire Phone. I plan to update throughout the year and see if I can post a video of the phone. I bought my phone through At&t.
Your Window to Amazon's World The Amazon Fire Phone combines most, but not all, of the things I liked best about my old iPhone, Android phone, and Kindle Fire HDX. The Fire Phone also offers some useful and entertaining features you cannot find on any other phone. Dynamic Perspective works surprisingly well and the Amazon software ecosphere adds a seemingly endless amount of content and valuable services with minimal hassle. I was worried when I started reading so many negative professional reviews, but I honestly think the Fire is tough competition for the Apple, Samsung and HTC flagship phones. == Display == (5 stars) My first two smartphones were Apple's iPhone 3G and then the iPhone 4. While I enjoyed them at the time, the 4.7"-5" display found on many Android phones is just so much nicer to use. The Fire has a 4.7" IPS display, which is like my husband's HTC One (M7), but the resolution is only 1280 x 720. The AMOLED display used on the Samsung Galaxy seems to have slightly better contrast, but the colors are so over-saturated that I think the HTC One and Amazon Fire look better overall. I thought I might hate the less-than-full HD resolution, but I really don't notice it unless I'm watching a high quality full-HD movie by myself. The resolution is higher than any iPhone and matches the Samsung Galaxy 3. The pixel density is still pretty high at 315 ppi. The best thing about the display is how bright it can get. It is the first phone display I have used that is easy to see when it's sunny outside. == Features == (5 stars) Dynamic Perspective is the obvious differentiating feature and it really works well. The effect is just like looking into a small window - your field of view and perspective change with the position of the phone relative to your eyes. When I saw the layout of the 4 sensors I thought it might be an issue to hold the phone without covering the sensors so the effect would work. However, it turns out you can cover 1 or 2 of the sensors and the Fire will still track your head. It also uses the internal accelerometer, which I find helps it work seamlessly when you are tilting it in different directions to change the perspective. While it is really cool, there isn't a ton you can do with it...for now. I haven't gotten used to the gesture controls yet, but I think they might need more refinement through a software update. Given how well the technology works visually, I am sure a ton of apps making smart use of Dynamic Perspective will arrive over the next few months. Firefly is the other innovative feature Amazon is touting for this phone. At first I thought it would be just like some of the apps I have used to take a picture of a product and find it online. Firefly goes much further in the type of content you can access using the Fire's camera. If you show your phone the TV show you are watching, you may be treated to a surprising amount of information on the episode, actors, etc. It's just fun to play around with at first, but I think it will come in handy and help me greatly expand my knowledge of useless things. The Fire Phone also has all the great features I love from my Kindle Fire HDX. Mayday is really, really helpful if you ever get stuck or something goes wrong on your phone. It isn't all that different from calling technical support on the phone, just better in every way. The introduction video to the phone is a minor, but very helpful feature. Since everyone who has a Fire Phone will have Amazon Prime for a year, I should mention that Prime Instant Video and Prime Music are both terrific, despite obviously having gaping holes in their content libraries. I think I might try the new Kindle Unlimited just for the audio books. And, Kindle FreeTime is such a treat for my kids on my Kindle Tablet that maybe it'd be in my best interest to keep it off the Fire Phone. Some people don't like being locked into Amazon's world, but for me it is a big positive, just like some people prefer to be locked into Apple's iOS. The Amazon app store has every app I've ever wanted or have used on my Android devices. == Hardware == (4 Stars) The internals on the Amazon Fire Phone have their ups and downs. The camera is a big up with 13 megapixels and beautiful performance. Compared to the HTC One (M7 and M8) it is vastly superior and beats out other phone's cameras that I have used. Downs include the small battery (2400 mAh), lack of microSD and last-gen processor (Snapdragon 800). However, none of these seem to matter at all. The battery seems to drain slowly, much slower than the HTC One (M7), though I'm speaking from brief experience. With 64GB of space the lack of microSD is less of an issue. I haven't tried out too many games, but so far I have not noticed any lag at all. Since the resolution is only 1280 x 720, it makes sense that the processor wouldn't need to be as fast as those on the S5 or HTC M8. Speakers that are decent compared to most phones but disappointing compared to the HTC One. The included earbuds work well and don't tangle, as promised. == Build == (3 Stars) The Fire Phone is an almost perfect blend between the iPhone 4 (on back) and Kindle Fire HDX (on front). I kind of like the higher end look of the iPhone 5 and especially the HTC One. However, I don't' think it looks bad compared to the Samsung Galaxy. If you are going to use a case, it doesn't really matter anyway. The size is a bit smaller than the Galaxy and HTC One, though marginally thicker than the Galaxy. It is bigger than the iPhone obviously. It is also a bit heavy like the HTC One, which is surprising since it is smaller and doesn't have all that metal, but it is still comfortable to use. The smaller size helps a lot using it one handed, which I do a lot. There is a hardware button for home, which I like better than the software button for home on the HDX. == Overall == (5 stars, assuming you remain a Prime member after 1 year) On paper, the Amazon Fire Phone has some big strengths and weaknesses. Using the phone however, I don't really notice any weaknesses. The phone does lack a high-end/flagship look and feel, but that is easily compensated for with the right case. Also, it does get hot sometimes, but not as hot as the HTC One (M7). I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who is an Amazon Prime member or frequent Amazon shopper. It is also the only Android phone I would recommend to my parents. I do expect the software and apps for this phone to improve noticeably over the next few months. This is a great Phone as it is, but has a lot of unique advantages that currently have more potential than practical benefit. The pricing is higher than what I was hoping for, but after you factor in the free year of Prime, unlimited cloud storage, 1000 amazon coins and the 32GB base memory, it is an attractive value.
I love Amazon services This device is exactly what I was looking for. First off, I love Amazon services. I love watching the videos, listening to music and reading the books. I also buy everything I can on Amazon. I even buy my food on Amazon. I use the FireFly feature all the time. When I'm out and about and I see something I want to buy ~ I just take a quick snap shot of the item and choose whether or not to buy it later or 1 click and it's on it's way to my house. Same with a song I hear that I like. FireFly is so very convenient to me because I am not an impulsive buyer. It stores the things I'm interested in buying for a later purchase. And I always shop around for the best deal. Bottom line; the things that I do on my phone works perfectly with the Fire Phone. I listen to music (which you can only download the Prime Music with a Fire device), I watch Movie and TV shows (again downloadable with a Fire) I read books (can only get free books with a Fire) I make purchases (Super easy with FireFly). And yes, it does works well as just a smart phone. Call, email, text, and navigation. The camera is the best I've ever used. I traded my Samsung S4 for this phone and have not regretted it since. The battery life is better than the S4 too. I'm not sure what all the unsatisfied customers were looking. I said what I was looking for and how I use my phone and I am a happy owner. I've been able to side load the apps that are not on the Amazon App Store (look it up, it's easy). What I don't like? A minor thing. I was using Google drive and docs to do document stuff. Now I use Amazon's equivalent. But the fact that I can't use any of the Google apps does not sit well with me. However, I don't use them anyway.
I truly am pretty pleased with this phone I truly am pretty pleased with this phone. I already have with the ministry an iphone5 and personally a Samsung Galaxy Sport 5. However, I had the need of another phone for other purposes and decided to take a shot at the Fire phone. The sound is awesome, the dynamic perspective beats anything I have ever seen on another phone and overall it has a lot to offer. The only thing they need to resolve is the Appstore not having all the Google Play one does. My not being able to download Google products, except for Google Maps is really frustrating. If they resolved this issue, this phone would be a much better phone that both my iphone5 or Samsung.
great hardware, needs tweaking Got mine on sale a year ago as a backup phone. Wel -l my primary phone finally died, so I had to switch to the fire phone for good. The issues with the amazon app store are well documented. (does it even still exist? It was unavailable yesterday) I started with sideloading getapk and google play store, which fixed most of the complaints people have about the lack of apps. Ran line launcher for a while as a GUI but it was unstable, so I finally switched to CM11. It feels like a completely new phone! The hardware of the firephone is very good and now it finally gets to shine. Also doubled the battery life. Still the best deal I ever got on a phone!
... Kindle Fire DX before I got the phone and love the OS on it I already had a Kindle Fire DX before I got the phone and love the OS on it. When it came time to get a phone, I thought it would be just as easy to use. It doesn't have a lot of frivolous gadgets cluttering up the home screen like other phones. Which is nice. The battery doesn't last as long as the battery on the tablet does when you are using the apps. Although it is nice that it takes less than an hour for the phone to fully recharge. I was pretty disappointed when I received an e-mail from nextissue.com saying that Amazon will no longer support their app. The only other thing I was disappointed with was that it does not pick up my WiFi at home when I don't broadcast the ssid.
Feeling blue! The fire is being difficult! Got the phone in the mail the 18th from amazon in the mail, that day had to go to at&t store. Phone would not pick up 4G network, they had to replace the Sim card to fix the issue. The 24th the phone would not charge, did the mayday thing and was told to hard boot it. Didn't work, went to at&t store and found out the charge cable quit working. They gave me a new and better one for free! Today the 25th having issues with the ear buds, they will not advanced to the next track, volume and pause work fine, they work sometimes on my kendle HD tablet. They work fine on my Samsung 4 tablet, go figure! Guess it is time to mayday again, or just buy something of better quality that is compatible with his phone. I am trying to love you fire phone, but you are being a butthead! Besides those issues, the apps and speed of the phone is great!
unfortunately neither amazon team neither At&T will help you to ... unfortunately neither amazon team neither At&T will help you to sort out the problem !!amazon sells a locked phone without even informing you it is locked neither fixing your problem by providing the lock code,,,,and AT&T is just the same mentality ,,, and you only bounce back and forth between both !! Shame on Amazon
This is the best phone I have owned This is the best phone I have owned. It is easy to navigate and well thought out. The predictive text is great. I really enjoy using it. The added bonus of amazon prime membership tops it off.
Awesome Phone Most awesome phone. I got this when it went on sale for $169, including a year of Prime. I didn't really care about the phone and what it could or couldn't do, I just wanted a cheap backup phone that was unlocked. It looked pretty neat when I first tried using it. I liked the geo-spatial perspective of the lock screen and maps and the OS reminded me a little of Palm's OS before they went under. No access to Google Play was a bit disconcerting because most of the apps on the Amazon app store are s***e and I was not happy that I wasn't able to use my recently acquired Asus Zenwatch; but hey - it's just a back-up phone and will do quite nicely for $69. Then I sideloaded Google services and the Play Store and it turned into my favorite and most awesome phone of all time. The Zenwatch works perfectly with it. When I use Google Maps to navigate, my wrist buzzes to notify me of every upcoming turn. I can speak into it for Google Now or Google Translate with excellent results. When you combine this with the fantastic and revolutionary Firefly app and the excellent camera with unlimited straight to cloud storage and beaming content directly to your smart TV, you have a truly, convergent, super device! Oh yeah - Amazon lowered the price to $130, so I asked them to refund the difference - and they did! A device like this for $30 - get outta town!! I'm sorry for anyone who missed the boat on this one -
An OK phone if you know how to side load. I've actually had this phone in service since they came out, its my main personal cell phone. Its OK, just OK, and thats ONLY because I side loaded Google Play Store. The Amazon store was (is) garbage in my opinion. The phone perfoms WELL, but its not having native Play Store scares me... Some update someday will break my ability to use the phone. The camera was supposed to be world class, but I'd say its "just ok", its very slow. But, for the money (at the time it was $180 with a year of free prime), I got my moneys worth out of it...
The phone is nice.. Like the size picture are amazing The phone is nice. . Like the size picture are amazing ... the only problem is when it charging u can't really use the phone n it get hot so I try not to use it.... over all like it so far...
Cyogen mod rocks Good deal with Amazon is, but its awsome after rooting, changing to cyanogen ROM, and applying gapp. Then its a rock starvof a phone, fast and has Google play store. And can reinstall thevsmazon store apps.
Works Very, Very Well Switched from an iPhone and after a day of using the Fire Phone I now prefer it over the iPhone. Enterprise exchange works well as do the native email and calendar applications. The head tracking/dynamic perspective and swivel window panels work extremely well and I'm finding myself using them frequently. No compliant with the hardware. Battery life is on par with everything else out there. I expect the software to continue to get better and better, as well as the appstore, however all the apps that I relied on (sans bloomberg) were available. Never used mayday before, and it actually works (and it's really fast). WAY better than calling--and super easy. Also, you can manage your device (including find my phone) using your Amazon.com account. Very convenient. X-Ray on second screen using the fire TV is very impressive. I find myself missing x-ray features (e.g. identifying the song in the background) on shows that aren't on Amazon Prime (e.g. Entourage). Whispersync between devices is great--again, very convenient. The features seem to be well thought through and make using the device easy. I expect it to continue to get better and more refined with time.
made the switch to fire with some hesitation but I LOVE it! Only thing I miss about iPhone is ... Loyal iPhone user since the very first model, made the switch to fire with some hesitation but I LOVE it! Only thing I miss about iPhone is the camera, can't wait to get my fire tablet :)
Works great, Perfect since I have a kindle Works great, Perfect since I have a kindle, everything is easy to understand about the phone, no training session needed. All tied in together, Fire phone, Kindles, and fire stick.
Outstanding everything gagdet (phone) Love it, better than the Iphone I had, Better pictures and better screen. love the zoom too. The flip to turn the page is great when reading a book . My wife is switching from her Iphone 5 to Fire since she has checked out my FIRE.
Nice phone! I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. The phone feels nice and solid and basically works just fine. The 32 gigs of memory makes up for the inability to add a micro sd card.
very Limited to what you can download and utilize. The Phone has its pro's and cons as any other phone, It works really well, the only downfall that I strongly hate the most about this phone is that I cannot download Google Play, which sucks bc I Love playing Clash of Clans so if they could fix that then this phone would be a 5 stars.
$30 iPhone Allow me to first preface this review by saying that I got the phone the last day it was being sold at $130 which included prime membership. I am a phone junkie I have had iPhones,many android phones, Windows phones, flip phones you name it. I love phones!!! I couldn't believe there were rumors about this phone coming out and then when it was announced I was blown away by the price I thought for sure it was going to be a bad idea. However saying all that the phone is really nice. They could've done away with the dynamic perspective it is just a waste of precious battery and jacked up the price of the phone unnecessarily. It works great with my fire stick and the voice dictation is very good. It's refreshing and fun to use the phone. The camera is about as good as my wife's LG G3 just not as fast on focusing.It reminds me somewhat of iPhone with the home button I like that I can't stand the way Samsung set up with the home button and the other two buttons, very confusing. Hopefully Amazon will do a follow up with like a mid range phone that doesn't have the dynamic perspective. So other than that this things great! I have had it for a few weeks now hasn't given me any troubles just a few superminor hiccups like any other phone.The only con I can say is the speaker phone could be a little bit louder and the speakers could be a little bit less tinny, but what do you expect for a $30 phone.other This thing is anawesome I believe that I'm gonna call it my 30 Dollar iPhone. ha ha
It's what I wanted I read all the review, watched the video how-to's on YouTube, and researched this phone so I knew what I was buying. I have to say, it is what i wanted. Now, just to wait out my 2 years of ATT service!
Great Value! I love this phone. I have had a lot of different types of phone since 1996 and I really feel what this phone has been the best one so far. (And I am very hard please when it comes to mobile technology!) If you want a multi-functioning, it's easy to learn and do without dropping calls. The description is under stated with which this phone can provide, even if you only use it as a "glorified rolodex of phone numbers" or even the note app for your grocery list and calculator.
best phone ever I love this phone. It's simply amazing. I would recommend this phone to any age group. It's light, slim, and fits comfortable in my hand unlike other smartphones. I love the fact that you get an additional year on prime and the fact it comes already with all the amazon apps. I think this was the best purchase of a phone I've ever made =)
Ok Ok I'm getting hooked! Battery is substandard loses it's charge extremely fast and get's to hot when charging. App market leaves a lot to be desired. Clarity and camera are top notch. Should consider a app deal with Google so much more to choose from.Prime music and video are super clear that being said now contemplating sticking with it.
The phone has been great. The only reason I don't give it 5 ... The phone has been great. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because lack of access to Google Play store. While the Amazon App store does have most of the major apps that I use on my other android devices, there are a few missing. That being said, the quality of the phone is great, the camera takes excellent pictures and video
4 for prime 3 for phone it works as a phone so theres always that... The phone is ok descent storage space however the phone has froze on me a few times does not have a lot of normal android apps and can be really poor at times on the reception. With that being said the battery can be very long lasting and you do get a year of prime that's a huge plus even if I was to pay for prime it would have already paid for itself on how much I have ordered odds are I will be remaining with prime when my year is up however as soon as my galaxy s4 gets back to me I will be changing back to that phone it's the little things like on maps it shows me street view and the house I should be looking for I am a delivery driver and a lot of the houses in my town just do not have the physical address on them, there are way more apps on the galaxy the only reason this phone received 4 stars from me is prime and I also only paid 1$ for the phone.
No major complaints I have been a Samsung user for about 8 years, this was a change, but I love my Kindle Fire and this is very similar. Works great as a phone, beautiful pictures. Only reason I have given it 4 stars is because the navigation in and out of apps can be trying. You have to Swype up to back out and some times it delays and sometimes on internet get stuck. But overall very pleased.
Five Stars Excellent phone; great features
Fire Phone This phone majorly sucks and I need to know from Amazon how I can replace it since they no longer are selling it? This thing does not work correctly at all I can't get the apps that I want and need. And I think that I do deserve a replacement phone of a different kind.
great phone low apps I was going to get an iPhone 6 because I already had an iPhone, but they were out of stock, so getting a fire was a complete chance. I can't say I regret it though. The only con that I've had so far is that the app store is tiny, and if they improved that then I would give 5 stars. The main pros are how how well the phone works, it is fast and does not have me waiting for apps to load. The battery life works for me although sometimes I do have to charge it during the day if I play apps too often. I got a 64 gb and have not run out of memory even with putting roms on the phone using an apk installer. The only other request besides adding a bigger app store is to put the ringer and media volume on the swipe down menu as sometimes I want to change my ringer volume while having music on. All in all I would and have recommended this phone to others and can see it becoming a large competitor with Apple and Samsung if they fix these minor issues.
this was great! This is the first smart phone that actually ... Oh, this was great! This is the first smart phone that actually worked for me. I love it! Having one button to get to the home screen is an excellent idea. The phone came complete with my Kindle collection and two pages of applications and yesterday I actually watched a movie on the tv that I downloaded on my Fire phone. Absolutely the best phone I have had. Thank you Amazon!
Great phone. I have had my Fire Phone since the day they were released. It takes some getting used to, but once you do the flow of everything feels cleaner and more efficient than any other phone I have had. Battery life is the best I have ever had. Only down side to date is the limited number of apps, but I expect that will change with a little time.
Read Please Unfortunately this phone was nothing short of disappointing. I have had it since launch and everyday my dislike for the phone grows. Pro's - ITS FROM AMAZON; this is totally cool, and one of the main purchase reasons for the phone - Hefty storage, and for a reasonable price (now) - Mayday for those "oh S*^t" times when you are absolutely stumped Con's - App store; the fire phone uses the amazon app store..... and nothing else. This means no major apps i.e. (snapchat, youtube, google ANY bank app) and just name something else.... They don't have it. Furthermore the slim amount of mainstream apps available on the app store is waning. I do not know if this is simply the apps are breaking amazons policy with updates or something bigger. This list includes Facebook, Walgreens app, beats/apple music and many others. - The Dynamic Perspective was a very innovative idea and invention! Unfortunately it is not used by ANY apps. - Firefly is just shazam with a camera that surprisingly does not have a lot of everyday usability. If you are considering this phone, making calls and texting works well. If you want a smartphone do not buy this fancy paperweight.
Too bad cuz I was looking forward to giving it a ... Works ok, but definitely different than your typical android.... However when I went to set up my secure email from work. (never had a problem with other android devices.) I get the following error. "The exchange account you are trying to add requires security features not supported on your fire. For more information, please contact your Exchange mail administrator." This is something that is not an option for me. I HAVE TO HAVE my work email on my hip. Too bad cuz I was looking forward to giving it a shot. Since I am such an Amazon fan.....
I have a kindle fire and love it but just wasn't sure I have been needing a new phone for several months ( I had a Motorola Atrix). I could not decide between the Samsung Galaxy5 or the Amazon Fire. The reviews we very mixed on the Fire so I was leaning towards the Samsung. I have a kindle fire and love it but just wasn't sure. Well, then the Fire went on sale for $.99. That is what sold me on it. I really like the Fire, it fits well in my hand, nice design and fairly simple to figure out. The one major problem I have is trying to turn the camera off once it is on. The camera button is on the left side and I am left handed so I tend to push it often by mistake. I now take care to not push it. The phone itself is clear sounding, good reception. The camera takes great pictures. Grant it you don't have google play but owning a Kindle Fire has made it easier for me to know the apps.
Nice phone Although I am still learning how to use some features, I like the phone very much. The size is good. The biggest complaint that I have is that it is far more fragile than any other smartphone that I have had. (The corner of my husbands phone cracked in his pocket when he bent over.) But overall I like the phone.
... and a Kindle user and in general I really love Amazon. When I got the phone I was ... I decided to get a Fire phone because I am both a Prime user and a Kindle user and in general I really love Amazon. When I got the phone I was disappointed to see that I could not get very common apps that I would have liked to have on my phone (Target Cartwheel and Snapchat? REALLY?). I chalked it up to this being a new phone and that hopefully one day those apps would be available. So the other day Amazon announces that they have a new feature for Prime Members- Amazon Stations which I was super excited about to be able to use at the gym. Guess what? IT ISN'T SUPPORTED BY THIS DEVICE! Really? A device made by Amazon doesn't support an Amazon feature? This phone has been one disappointment after another. I would not recommend it to anyone. It does have some decent features (Prime delivery notifcations, ease of use for buying things via Amazon or Kindle) but it is just lacking severely in so many areas. Amazon, I love you, PLEASE make this phone a more desirable option for smart phone users!
So far I am pretty impressed with the phone So far I am pretty impressed with the phone. I do have to say, though, I am completely disappointed in the amazon app store. Very limited options to choose from.
nice, personal and family use especially for emergency needs and fallout to other important categories like buisness product lev Well for circumstances better than expected in ratio of operating versus units content still "Id like to own the world ,lol bit excellent phone fair price compared to what other offer and sale for so I will completey say satisfied looking forward to it having version update, depending on its success of which really matters.
Great Phone Highly Underrated This is a great phone, highly underrated. The most things that people complain about is the lack of apps. It has plenty, but they could add a few more of the most popular ones. It takes great pictures, is super fast, and I have no problems with lag or it freezing up at all.
need my games! I absolutely love the graphics and 3d effects. I do not like that it doesn't let me get to my games that I played on my iPhone. I think if it would allow you to download and use the Google play store, then I could get to my games. I really do like the phone otherwise. I just am really disAppointed that I can't play Hay day! :(
Fave phone since the Razor I love my Amazon fire phone I have had such problems with previous phones. I haven't had any problems no freezing no shutting on and off I can work with the fact that I can't get certain apps. I hope that Amazon comes out with a new phone because I have decided on won't upgrade until they do.
finally a customer not fully invested in apple or google products has a review i wanted to write a little review from a perspective that wasn't tied strictly down to google or apple apps/ products so customers interested in this phone that aren't tied down to those companies can gain a little bit of insight on how their experience will be when they purchase the amazon fire phone. so i've had my phone for a week now, and i have made my decision on whether i was happy with my purchase or not. first off, i would like to note that i have been an iphone user for 3 years. I would like to first off mention the great service that i get from at&t. i have been screwed over by sprint, and verizon overpaying for service fees in the area; and i never had any clue that it was just because they are not the dominant service provider in my area. In the same areas where i was the most, at&t provided the most coverage than any other service provider i have been in contract with. Secondly, i would like to note the eco system. I only used a few apps, and every app that i used, it was provided by amazon so i wasn't losing out. As far as the 99 cent price you are not losing out on much. If you are an amazon fan, please get this phone. I have already had some really good instances where firefly has helped me purchase items i needed, and also it recognizes music and that is a major plus for me. The dynamic perspective is alright but to be honest you will get used to it real quickly and you will be more fascinated by the other main features of this phone. All in all the phone is a great phone and i haven't had any technical issues yet or needed the mayday service. I really don't understand why the phone didn't do well it is a nice product.
Its ok. This phone isn't compatible with a lot of apps. It's really difficult to transition from being an iphone user to this phone. I don't want to completely disregard this phone, as it is so new, but they need to get the ball rolling a little bit on the apps. Also- it has a tendency to freeze and I have to restart the phone.
I love it!!!!! I love this phone. If you have an amazon tablet and love it, you will love this phone. It is a lot like a kindle tablet, but it's a smart phone.
Highly recommend, absolutely love this phone!! This is a very user friendly phone. I found it so easy to get used to. Mayday is an absolutely priceless feature. Get stuck, press the Mayday icon and a person comes on the screen within seconds. They'll spend as much time as you need, answering your questions and walking you through any issues you have. With the year of free Prime service you have more streaming music, playlists (wonderfully done) and videos, you can never run out of entertainment. The lack of availability of Google apps is minor. You have to realize that Amazon is constantly adding new apps and you'll have whatever apps you need very soon. I love everything about this phone!!
I love this phone I love this phone. I was worried because there are a lot of bad reviews online for this phone, but I've found it to be a great device. It's like a smaller, even better kindle that also makes phone calls. I should have known that Amazon always delivers!
good phone All and all this is a good phone. I just wish it had the same apps available as the kindle fires like my local weather stations and a few other ones. Hopefully they will be getting more like the google play store soon.
Not a bad first-generation phone The biggest downside to this Android-based phone is its lack of compatibility with the Google Play store and Google Play services. That being said, some apps can be installed via apk files. Unlimited photo storage in Amazon's Cloud Drive with the 14 MP camera was a good selling point. I also find it a usable Kindle reading device when I'm waiting in line at the bus - I found the iPhone 4's screen to be too small for this purpose. All being said, there are numerous improvements future generations of this phone can improve upon, notably on Apps selection.
... one I gave up a galaxy note #3 as good as it is it does not have may day ... Any body considering buying a fire phone should do it stop thinking and go a head an order one I gave up a galaxy note #3 as good as it is it does not have may day I have the fire 4 days and may day as been able to help me 3 times and it has fire fly just watch the video an get one you will be happy o yeah an a year of prime free. May Day is so awesome that is best feature ever .
I love my fire phone I've been using it for 8 ... I love my fire phone I've been using it for 8 months now and I love it every day more. everything work just perfect the battery life, the features,...etc and it still look like I got it today I just ordered a wallet case for it
I really had hopes for this phone... I really had hopes for this phone. I'm not picky when it comes to apps. I'll do with what's available. I got along fine with my cheap LG phones, even though the photos weren't as beautiful as the iPhones and the audio was not so great. I had hopes for Mayday. I thought that would alleviate all my problems, if I had any. Well, it hasn't. The Fire Phone is the only phone I've ever had that my iMac will not recognize connected by bluetooth or by cable. I can't import photos from my Fire Phone using iPhoto. I have to download the photos from the phone using an Android file transfer app or from Amazon Cloud. I was on line with Mayday for an hour. The guys just said, the phone simply isn't compatible with Macs. This is not OK with me. I guess this review is pointless, but now I really see why the Fire Phone is discontinued. I'm glad I didn't pay full price!
Works great as a phone Works great as a phone, text, even data is flawless. However, the issue is what appears in the carousel without warning. All of my books were put in the carousel. The music app constantly appears and mayday has no idea why. Speakers aren't that great but the system works well using the headset. The voice assist needs major improvement, but Amazon said they are working to increase the applications ability to do more. Can't wait.
great phone I've only had this phone for a few weeks now, but I love it. It is easy to navigate which is a big plus to me, and has a lot of neat extra features that make it special. The only thing that bothers me is not being able to see the time or my battery status at the top of the phone unless I am on the homepage. I have to get out of whatever I am doing to go check on those things. But otherwise I am happy with this phone.
LOVE It and hope Amazon releases a new model... I LOVE this phone and how it effortlessly integrates with my Amazon Prime account and content. No, the Amazon platform does not have access to some very popular apps (and that is a bit of a bummer). But the positives about this phone? Wow! The device is beautiful, shiny, black, sleek with an amazing screen. The screen and the camera is leaps and bounds better than my Iphone I have for work. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Firefly button. I love the simplicity of the Amazon Android experience. I'm not a techy, but I appreciate features that our fresh, sleek and easy to use and this phone provides that experience.
Any solutions for cracked screens? Replacement phone? I've had it for 13 months. In general, I've been a satisfied customer. It lacks some Apps I enjoy (NY Times, The Atlantic, some easier to use Google features) but everyone knows that. But other things have worked very well. As a phone and for messaging it's been great, the battery is good and I've set it up as a hot spot numerous times without issue. I love the fact that I can now download selected Prime shows and films and watch offline. Which I just did on a couple of XC flights.But now that it is out of warranty by a month I learn I can get no support for my cracked screen --- just happened. It looks like I'd have to pay $150 to have the touch screen replaced. Ouch. And since Amazon no longer sells these I'm guessing I'm just simply S-O-L and need to find another phone.But if anyone out there has another solution I'm all ears. Thanks.
Its the first in something new! And I love it It's something new! It's q new inovation in cell phone tech and I already love Amazon. I do a lot of shopping on it, I ordered a package and was surprised when my phone notified me that it was delivered. The Dynamic view is fantastic. Keeps my screen clean when I can just flick my wrist and it handles it all for me. Its a new step for cell phones in the right direction. They really took notes from the current #1s like Samsung and Apple and created something new. I was surprised with it being the first of a new era it is running very smoothly. I expect generation two will be a huge impact much like Microsoft and the Surface 2 -- there will be imitators but Amazon and AT&T will always be first. Love it.
I had an Iphone 4 and loved it until IOS 7 I had an Iphone 4 and loved it until IOS 7.1.2 came out. My phone become very glitchy so I decided to get the Fire. I love this phone! Although its completely different from apple its very slick looking and very fast. Graphic wise I think its great. The 3D is a cool feature. The camera takes great pictures and videos but it can be kinda slow at times. I love how there is a speaker on both ends of the phone and the sound comes out very nicely especially when its turn on its side while watching videos and movies. The browser is amazingly fast (beats chrome by far) and I wish I could put it on my desktop and laptop. One major issue about this phone is how you can't use Google store. The phone can be very confusing at times. I think Amazon needs to work on the OS for this phone. Other than that I like it a lot. I was able to get mine for .99 thru AT&T and getting a year worth of prime for free is great!! Especially for someone who works the front desk of a hotel.
I am delighted with my Amazon Fire Phone (AT&T) I am delighted with my Amazon Fire Phone (AT&T). My daughters convinced me that I needed a "major" upgrade to my cell phone (an LG slide phone that was well worn) and said that this would be perfect for me since I already owned and enjoyed my Kindle Fire HD very much. They were absolutely correct. I now am sending and receiving texts and pics as well as reading, and more, all on a device that slips into my pocket. Great device. Thanks.
So far, Fire phone is great! I haven't owned the Fire phone for too long yet but so far I love it. It is so much fun plus it works great! Good reception everywhere. Long lasting battery. The only problem so far is that I can't find accessories in any stores.
I really like this phone I really like this phone. I went from a semi-smartphone to this one and I am enjoying all the different features. It is so much fun to use. It takes great photos, I like the dynamic perspective and how interactive the phone is. Check out a review I did on it on my blog: http://www.hellofelecia.com/review-amazon-fire-phone/
AMAZING!!! Compared to all the phones I have had in the past it's got to be the best, obviously this is a new phone and it may have some minor minor issues. It is still a top of the line phone and I would recommend it to anyone!!
Easy to use Easy to use. A little larger than some of the other smartphones but manageable. Has a lot of fun gadgets and apps loaded. It's my first smartphone and found the learning curve wasn't as steep as I had originally thought. Good value. Excellent choice for a first smartphone.
From New to FABULOUS! After reading all the reviews on this phone before purchasing it....I have to say this phone is simply amazing! I did recieve mine with the new version downloaded in it to work out some of the pass bugs that was happening with the phone via other customers. I'm still working on some of the apps and ect that came with the phone, but now everything that I'm using is working GREAT!!! The only change that I'd like to see is having the volume louder when making a call. Even while using the speakerphone to talk, it's not very loud and Yes, I do have the volume turned all the way up. So Amazon increase the volume speaker and I'd say this phone is absolutely FABULOUS~~!!!!
Great at first... I've had my Fire Phone for three weeks now and I like it a lot. There have been a few hiccups, but ALL phone have minor issues especially ones that have just come on to the market, so I've taken them in stride. My biggest issue has been the lack of emojis, I know it sounds trivial but while I was doing my research on the phone I didn't see anywhere that said there wouldn't be emojis on it. You can see other people's emojis but they're often just blue line drawings rather than a full color emoji. It isn't a HUGE deal but I'd gotten so used to using them in everyday conversations that it has been an annoyance. Another small thing the phone is lacking- Snapchat. There is only one (that I can find) Snapchat "substituite" Called Snapshat Shake and it's rated one star with one review that just says "bad" so needless to say that isn't even worth trying. Issues I've had with the phone itsself are occasionally the screen won't turn on, I press the power button, the home button, and nothing. It won't power off. Sometimes you can hold the home screen button and you'll hear the voice command come on, that will sometimes trigger it into waking up, otherwise it eventually restarts itself. Usually when it does that I wind up with a text message or two from earlier that day that I hadn't received. A bit annoying but it's only done it a couple times. Dispite the issues I've had I really enjoy the phone. The Dynamic Perspective is amazing. The tilt control for menus is great and it's awesome to have all of my Amazon features right at my fingertips. ----Update---- I've had this phone for nearly a year and frankly, it sucks. Several of the features are great, sure. It functions as a phone, absolutely. The special features "blind" you at first but when you get right down to it the Fire Phone simply isn't on the same level as it's Andriod cousins. The longer I keep this phone the more technical difficulties I run into. I'm currently looking into getting out of my contract with this phone.
it still is running like new. I love the dynamic perspective and the ... I have had this phone for a year now. Usually my phones last a year and then they are bogged down and need replaced. But with this phone, it still is running like new. I love the dynamic perspective and the gorilla glass keeps it looking like it is new. The best feature by far is the camera (13 mp!) and the fact that it automatically uploads pics to the cloud. I recently purchased another one for my husband (after market since these are not made any more) so that we can collectively have our great quality pics in the same place. I also love that I have access to my kindle ebooks and the availability of watching prime movies/shows on my phone! Still hoping that there will be a Fire Phone 2 in the works!
Loved the Fire Phone but not AT&T I love Amazon and my Kindle(s). Was so excited to get this phone - it is my first smart phone and I absolutely loved it! Extremely user friendly, I had no problem with apps, navigation, Wi-Fi and love that all my Amazon and Audible content was synced and ready for me. I am absolutely heartbroken that I have to return it, but AT&T just doesn't get service in my area. No voice or mobile data coverage. I was very disappointed because they showed excellent coverage on their map and I even visited a nearby AT&T store prior to this purchase where they assured my the coverage was excellent everywhere I needed it. This was just not so. While all the people at AT&T were very nice I felt they were being dishonest and would have appreciated not wasting so much time, gas and energy on service I was unable to obtain. Sure hope Amazon will offer the Fire Phone on other networks soon! Heard from others through this whole fiasco that Verizon is the only service available if you are outside the city limits.
I like the IDEA of this phone, just needs a few bugs worked out to be an amazing phone. I like the phone, but I wish I loved it. The Prime videos have amazing clarity. However my aggravation comes from the screen going black and not responding. About once a week, when I press the home button, the screen will not wake up (I can hear sounds of apps opening), just no screen. The only thing that will fix this bug is rebooting. I THINK I know how to close the apps, but sometimes they refuse to close. PrimeMusic would not stop playing, so often that I find myself rebooting my phone at least once every other day to "fix" bugs. I often wish I would have gotten a Kindle instead.
Love this phone. Best I've ever owned. I love this phone. Previously had iPhones and wanted something with more storage without paying an arm and a leg. I already had Amazon and audible accounts so this just made sense for me. Downfalls: I did turn off the dynamic perspective. While really neat, it made me nauseous. I do not like the placement of the camera button. I turn it on all the time just holding my phone. You can only download Amazon apps so some major apps that I used on a regular basis cannot be easily downloaded. (Starbucks my bank etc) The firefly feature is really neat and fun to play with. Plenty of storage. Easy to use. Love this and would recommend this to anyone. Update: 09/2016. I still love this phone. I have all my books and a majority of my audio books. It works great. Minor glitches. Battery life is fine - especially if you turn down the screen brightness. I have had more success with this phone lasting than ANY of the previous Iphones I had. I don't have to constantly update and use up all my storage like I had to with my IPhones. (And if you didn't they basically became useless) Wish they would come out with another.
enterainment at your fingertips For all the people that did not like this phone then they do not know what they are missing out. The only phone I know that has so much memory; however, if you are not a fan of music or tv, movies awesome picture taking and recording then this phone is not for you. However this is what I love in a phone..hopefully Amazon will keep growing and add more practical apps to the store. For example bank of America snapshot just to name a couple, but overall once you get used to this phone it is Awesome with a capital "A"
Love this phone MORE all the time! And Amazon ROCKS! Three months in, and I love this phone still. Wonderful MAYDAY feature was VERY helpful today: Dismayed by the poor reviews, I went back to look at the POSITIVE ones...to make sure I wasn't delusional. There I came across the solution to the one thing I perceived as a "problem:" Paying $200 for it before Amazon dropped the price to 99 cents. (Don't you hate it when that happens??) One reviewer disclosed that someone answering the Mayday call would refund the difference. Well, sure enough, they DID!! That's why Amazon is my favorite retailer of all time. And that's why I'm their best advertiser, telling all the people I know about my continued great experiences with them. THANKS, JEFF!! I never cease to be AMAZED by this phone! Besides the ease of use for "normal" tasks, with superb voice recognition, its features make is SO much more than a phone: it's a handheld computer that can make phone calls. I use it as my Kindle reader out on my porch while streaming music, all with the wi-fi setting. It's the first phone that makes it relatively easy to surf the web: just hold the home button, and ASK! This is my first smart phone, so I am enthralled. There seems to be a free app for everything one might like to do, also. IF there is a question about anything, pressing the "?" will get you live help within 15 seconds. A friendly, English-speaking rep walks you through the process in question, taking command of your phone to show you how, if need be. All this without making you feel like an idiot for asking. This is the first Fire phone to be marketed, so features WILL be added. It's so cute: when asked to "Play James Taylor," it says, "I'm sorry. I can't do that YET." Updates to existing software will increase the already impressive capabilities. Battery life allows 6-8 hours of constant use, which I think is pretty good, and charging takes 2 hours. Under normal use, battery would last most of a day, at least. OH! Almost forgot about Firefly: amazingly id's any song, movie, TV show or product code in seconds! SO COOL! And of course Amazon tells you where to buy it. Dynamic perspective is a bit of fun, with fascinating new screen savers every day: also allows to see "under" certain menu items. Haven't tried it for gaming. Camera is great, with options I've not learned to use yet. Using Amazon Cloud for content makes this one entertaining creature. A big YES on the Amazon Fire phone!
l like this phone! There are many reasons to like this phone! Let's start with the look and feel. Perfect size- not too big as I find most handsets these days. Heavy enough to feel like a premium phone, but not too heavy. The general look of the phone is simple, yet elegant, with gorilla glass on front and back. The rubber around the sides offers good grip. As far as performance, I find the phone to be fast, responsive and fun. The OS is similar to android, but different enough to be fresh and entertaining. The screen is clear with nice color. The dynamic perspective is gimmicky, but I don't find it annoying. Battery life seems good and better than most of my other phones. Good for the whole day unless I am playing alot of games. I personally find the phone to be fun and interesting. May take a couple of days to get used to, but definitely worth it. Get one!
great purchase! gotta love amazon! Love this phone. A lot like my kindle. Very easy to learn to use. Would like to see more popular apps available.
great phone with minor glitches We've had our phones for about a week and they've been really great! Very responsive touch screen, which I appreciate. It does what I need it to do quickly. Since it is a first generation phone, it is a little glitchy every once in a while. I had to restart my phone once because the screen went black when I tried to open Facebook. I'm not a heavy app user, but all of the apps I've downloaded and used have been great. I've run across one app that I had on my iPhone that isn't on here (space team), other then that everything I want is there. The phone does heat up a bit if you're watching a movie or videos for a while, nothing that worries me, but enough to notice. The battery life is decent, it could last me all day if I used my phone a lot, but it is dead by the end of the day if that happens. Camera is great. The four cameras that keep track of where your face is are cool but have no real use as of yet. I imagine that there could be some really awesome uses in future generations. I was pleasantly surprised by a 'siri' on this phone that is really good. All in all, pretty great phone. I wouldn't buy it at full price, but I'm cheap. We got these for a dollar each when we switched to AT&T.
I LOVE my Fire Phone I love my Fire Phone. I wasn't sure if I would because of some of the other reviews. I got it at my ATT store a couple of weeks ago. This is my first smartphone. I have the Kindle Fire so the screen has many similarities and that made it easy for me. The Mayday button is great if I have any questions. The camera takes good pictures. I love the way things sync between my phone and my Kindle. The talk to text feature is excellent. So many of them on other phone mess up what you say but the Fire Phone does not! I am still discovering new things and learning about my phone but I would recommend it to anyone.
I read good and bad reviews before deciding to give the Fire ... I read good and bad reviews before deciding to give the Fire a chance. I'm glad I did. I've owned both Android and iPhones in the past; the Fire is a nice combination of both systems. While there are fewer apps available, I believe it to be a result of Amazon's vetting process. Maybe I'm giving them too much credit, but this is my justification.
... it 12/14 I can actually say I am very disappointed! Its good for music and books and some ... I was so excited when I saw this and after purchasing it 12/14 I can actually say I am very disappointed! Its good for music and books and some movies but other than that it is horrible. So many apps are not compatible and and then some that were stopped being supported. I need a mobile phone with the apps that were supported for my business! Now I am stuck with a lemon until 12/16! Now I see that Amazon no longer carries it either. What does that tell you! Lucky people who can not purchase this item! Very very very disappointed!
My new favorite thing in life. I have had my phone for 24 hours, and I LOVE it already!! I had an Iphone and was ready for something that work better for me in several areas, including pictures. I am an Amazon person, so I knew I needed to check this phone out. It feels very comfortable using it. Going from an Iphone to the Fire phone is a super easy transition. Navigation on the phone is very similar to what I am used to. And the shortcuts with the flick of a wrist are awesome!! There are a couple apps I have found aren't available, but I am pretty sure they will be soon. With new things, it takes time to get everything together. A year of Prime added is definitely an added bonus, even though I am already a Prime member. I am so glad to have a phone from Amazon!! This girl has left the Apple world and doesn't want to go back!!
On paper, iPhone 5s killer In reality, not at all. Pros: Price when considering the free year of Prime Brilliant Screen Cons: Everything else on the phone does not operate as well the iPhone 5s. Nothing! The surround sound speakers have a poor frequency response range. The one iPhone speaker sounds better. Firefly is a gimic, I have bar code reading apps for my iPhone which work just as well. Dynamic perspective seemed nothing like in the promo video where I thought I'd get a 3D like experience. Instead it provides a 2D picture which changes perspective. No part of the image provides a sense of depth. The speaker phone function uses the ear piece speaker and is simply not loud enough to use it hands free. And the straw that broke the camel's back for me was the Amazon app store. It's so difacult to search and find something related to your search terms. The camera, worse in low light when compared to iPhone 5s. In summary, I returned the phone, had it on and active for a grand total of 10 hours. I had upgraded my grandfather'd AT&T account in order to get this phone, I only hope AT&T will restore my account once the return is verified. I'm very disatisfied and disapointed as I really like Amazon and wanted to enter their "Eco" system a little deepr than just a Prime membership. I am also a little befuddled by the fact I couldn't post a review the day after I received the phone, I can only imagine Amazon was aware of issues and concerned user's posting about known issues would discourage other buyers, but that's my own $.02.
I'm in so many regrets that I bought this phone. Amazon App Store lacks so many apps that Apple and Google Play have, I can never find one unique app that Amazon App Store has that the other 'biggies' don't have. My professor requires access to an App for CDC (Center for Disease Control), which is not available not even for tablets.
Amazon Fire Phone Excellent. Basically a Kindle Fire HD with phone. Excellent display. Superb instant customer service.
I am satisfied as to its ease of use and its capacity ... It may grow to a five star rating once it has met the test of durability- which, of course, takes time. I am satisfied as to its ease of use and its capacity for app features. In terms of style, it has a high quality of design. Downright beautiful.
Awesome For the price, this is a great phone. Yes it doesn't offer ALL the apps which is sometimes a drag (accessing through websites instead), but it is $100 (right?). I have had it since January and it is still doing just fine for the most part. We have two fire phones in our family now and they are both great. Too bad Amazon took this phone down...Why not just improve the features? As for selling this product at $600 as originally listed, I think that's complete insanity. With the offer of more apps and by working with Google, they could have made this phone easily sell for $450. Have used Android and Apple phones previously.
Thank You Team FirePhone !!! AAAAA++++++++ This phone rocks...and those that do not spend some time getting to know the best phone on the market... well your just missing out...every day I find a new update...and go wow Wow WOW !!! This phone does everything... pure genius updates... I am quite astonished at what it does..I have like 20 smartphones, gadgets galore... I spend all my time on my firephone, because it is so powerful, fast and fun. I hope they come out with a firephone #2 upgrade. The reason you hear so much bad press about this phone, because its the jealous competitors crying their eyes out, envious that their phones are 1/100th of what this phone is. Thank You Team FirePhone ...where ever you are... you are very much appreciated !!!
Amazon purchase button on bottom of calculator? I have cycled back and forth several times between my galaxy 4 and my fire phone. I am using the fire phone for 6 or so months now, on i-wireless T-Mobile carrier. It was easy to love at first, shopping on Amazon gets Fire phone cudos. Little frustrating things like an Amazon advert button on the bottom of the Calculator App, make it so stupidly frustrating. I try. To use the Calculator and the stupid shopping button keeps diverting me to another Amazon purchase window. I was working on a ledger this morning, wondering what idiot thought making the shopping button on the Calculator, obscuring part of the bottom calculator line would sell anything.
Work in Progress.... Not bad, needs some updates. Okay, I've had it for less than a day, but have to get some messages to Amazon to fix this guy up. Pro so far: Display is good but auto setting on screen always has it dark. Went to manual mode for that. Account set up. Amazon easy, emails with ISP and other services real simple. Didn't have to look up the server names and ports, had them all. AT&T mobile transfer worked fine. AT&T service transfer: stopped the old phone service fast, new phone had to call. But might save you here, power off phone first and see if it finds it when you start back up. Kudos to AT&T support, they wouldn't hang up until all was confirmed. Phone, internet via 4G and voicemail. Gestures seem useful. Time will tell Button layouts, jacks etc. Like any other. Cons Call volume. Needs some work here. Don't know whether it's me or not. Seems a little muddled. Heat - definitely runs hot. Not a good thing here. First iPhone ran like this and had nothing but troubles. Battery - so far lousy. Does charge fast. But ran out in less than 5 hours. Ugh. APP well did this to myself. I only use a few apps regularly. Saw that they were in the Appstore, so "assumed" they would work with Fire. Well that was wrong. Was all ready to spend the money on replacement apps and they weren't even there. Found a different one for golf GPS. Thankfully that had a trial version. Has crashed every time I've tried it. I'll pass along that review. Tune-in radio works. But geez, Scrabble isn't available? That was the first app the iPhone advertised. Very disappointed. This review is a work in progress and I'll update in a month (like I'm sure a whole lot of people will). For now, trying to get the messages to Amazon to get some fixes going and pushing support for all apps not to mention heat and battery.
beautiful screen, great camera fast user friendly operation It's not prefect, not being able to use Google apps is an undeniable downside, however the phone works well, beautiful screen, great camera fast user friendly operation. If you're an Amazon user this phone will suit you just fine.
Terrible experience This is not good for business people. I am an artist. I use PayPal and Square. This phone won't accept anything but Amazon apps. The ATT store didn't mention that little detail. I didn't find out until a week after the two week cut off. The Amazon pay app has bad reviews in terms of getting your money into your bank account and requests your social security number. I have always disliked ATT because of the difficulty of understanding their bill which changes every month. I have always felt scammed by ATT. Now I feel scammed by Amazon. I used to love Amazon and ordered items every week. Now I use it for books only. Amazon lost a good customer by not taking PayPal and Square. ATT is losing a long-term customer, too. I can't possible pay any more with another company. I am drawing the line, I am the customer and Amazon is not providing the service I need. Anyone want to buy a barely touched Amazon Fire Phone?
Personally I really like this phone I read so many reviews... Personally I really like this phone. I have had no problems. I'm still learning as of now. Some their is no pleasing and some everything is always good. I would like to make the font bigger in the text messaging. Maybe you can, I just have not figured it out. The camera is great. The speed is great. I have a few apps and they seem to be just fine. The battery is great. I had so many issues with my I-phone I was ready to go back to a flip top Nokia.. So I guess I fall into the category of "everything is good :-)"....
Great Idea, poor execution After a month of use I can say with certainty that I do not like the phone. It does many things well, but the things it lacks or are buggy are enough to make this phone a dud to me personally. The lowering of price 1 month later was a punch to the throat.(EDIT Amazon refunded me the difference, kudos!) Like: The screen is vibrant; The weight, it is heavier than some other phones and it feels solid to me; Prime integration; Call quality is great. So/So: The dynamic perspective and firefly are fun for a while, but serve no real purpose other than the WOW factor; the volume buttons don't feel right, like they are misplaced or something; the virtual keyboard doesn't "flow well"(this may be just me) Bad: Virtual keyboard bugs out once a day and requires me to reboot; auto brightness will go insane sometimes and work backwards (bright in dark, dim outside) and require a reboot; lack of basic well known apps; battery life is TERRIBLE, i have not been able to get through a whole day without either getting critically low or having it die; the phone will randomly turn off the display and will not turn back on for a few seconds; notifications for text/email/phonecalls sometime do not fire... All in all I would say if I could get a refund and go back to my original phone I would. When I do find a new phone, resale of this to recoup some of the financial loss will be non-existent(amazon refunded my purchase price so this is a non factor, leaving for review integrity). This was a good effort, but a lackluster execution. I would be happy and stick with it if it weren't for the bugs that inhibit the basic use of the phone. Having to perform daily maintenance on my phone makes this a regretful purchase
This is thee 4th phone and very disappointed with them phone dose not hold a charge and ... This is thee 4th phone and very disappointed with them phone dose not hold a charge and blu tooth dose not work on both phones which I also had the same problem with the first one the Bluetooth worked for about three months then it stopped working period and I have a few different types of speakers to use and dose not work with any of them one being a bose speaker which worked fine up to a few months then stopped also lost all pictures and video that I had in the first phone that was replaced because all it did was keep rebooting till the battery did so I'd like to know how this issue with this's bad phones can be resolved or should I just get new type of phones and also cancel my att service which is what iam leaning towards.
But all in all a good phone as well as easy to browse the web ... The battery does not seem to last as long as I am used to,and there is no explanation as to how to close a window on the browser that I can find. But all in all a good phone as well as easy to browse the web with,listen to music as well.
... giving this phone a 5 - I really do like it a lot So far - I am giving this phone a 5 - I really do like it a lot. It is so much easier to use than my Galaxy 3 S mini. It came with most of the apps I use regularly and it wasn't hard to find and download any others. I like the size - I used the MayDay button yestrday and got immediate response - and Firefly!!! OMG LOVE it!!! I had issues registering the phones (I got 2 - one for me and one for my daughter) but the AT&T website was having issues yesterday. I was able to get everything set up this morning. One concern I have though is I don't see where it is possible to change the battery so ...if the battery wears out, then what? My daughter was concerned that I wouldn't like it or would find it difficult to use but so far - it is so easy! Happy at this point!!!
Bad phone- very unreliable Do not buy this phone, it has been a year since I purchased the phone and it dies off on me or the screen goes blank when the temperature outside is high, we stay in one of the hotter places in USA and during summer the phone is almost not usable. Amazon should do a better job at making sturdy hardware , a phone that can shutdown or become unresponsive when outside temperature is 100F is just not acceptable. Disappointed!
not as bad as they say. just missing the apps. Umm..... I like it and I don't. I switched over from Sprint just to get this phone because I liked it when it was on display. If I was smarter, I'd keepthe amazon app on my Samsung phone and stick with it. If only amazon would just make a deal with Google to have the apps we use on a daily basis, this phone would be much better. I'm on the verge of paying my early termination fee and just taking a loss with this phone. I'm probably the only one who still has the phone. Good try tho. Just not competitive enough with all the phones out there.
Amazon fire phone review I am a supporter of Kindles and thought I'd give the phone a try. Love the size & weight of the phone. Anti glare no bubble screeen protector has been great. But, the technology is still not there on the phone. I've given it a month. Love the camera but dislike the fact photos can't be categorized for easy find. Tried to use the calendar and found everything was posted to facebook with no way to delete the posting. Called Mayday and was told the calendar only work in conjunction with facebook or twitter. I rely heavily on my phone calendar, no that feature is lost to me. Wasn't able to access apps I had on my old phone, most especially the weather alerts from the local tv station. Mayday technicians don't have the knowledge to correct all problems. The battery life is poor. The phone gets so hot, it has to be put down or turned off...I worry about combustion and starting a fire. The USB cord that was provided was split with wires exposed.
This is a great device, it has everything it's competitors do + ... This is a great device, it has everything it's competitors do + features they don't. It isn't a Galaxy, or an iPhone, which means the publications and pundits won't like it and won't promote it, b/c if it isn't an iPhone they don't care. However, I find this device to be superior to either. Standard 32gb [awesome], camera works nicely and takes clean pics w/o too many settings to fumble with, Firefly is awesome and as the content only grows, will be even better. Dynamic perspective is also super interesting and again, as SDK's are released and devs start submitting apps, games, etc... it will be easier to realize its potential. Free Prime for a year and unlimited phot0storage on the cloud are things nobody else can offer. I look forward to this phone integrating with FireTV, Audible, Kindle, streaming music and prime content as they grow respectively. great device, has everything the others do, plus features they don't.
All around a good value for our business. Fun gadget Love the free prime account for a year that comes with the phone. I logged on to Prime Video, found Anchorman 2 and then instantly enjoyed my new account. Nice camera, nice battery life, and good size for a phone. We use this as an office phone instead of having a landline and to take mobile credit card payments at craft shows and such. The operating system is different, but it is pretty easy for everyone to learn with the preloaded demo. Our last office phone was an Android (in an office of Iphone users) and people really couldn't understand that in the beginning because there wasn't a nice demo app. I like the Fire phone because it is different. It is an experiment and I think they did a pretty decent job. It's a pretty interesting gadget too with things like the Firefly, which we used on a road trip to identify songs coming from our ancient car stereo. All around a good value for our business.
The Fire Phone is horrible. It does not have standard apps The Fire Phone is horrible. It does not have standard apps, ex: Amazon scanner or Starbucks. The phone will freeze in the middle of the action while playing a game. The phone drops calls. I looked on the Amazon trade-in system to see if I could trade it in and get a little toward another phone, and the Fire Phone does not show in the items Amazon will allow for trade-in. Unless Amazon makes significant improvements to the phone and adds more apps, I will not be purchasing another.
very dependable and easy to use This is my first smartphone and I love it. It has been easy to learn and help is and has been, readily available should I have any questions or concerns. I am sad to hear the Fire phone is on.longer available, I hope Amazon will reconsider. I will hold on to this one for as long as possible, I have had it for two years already and I'm sure it will last another two years plus.
The fire has some really cool features but is not nearly as user friendly as ... The fire has some really cool features but is not nearly as user friendly as I would have thought most smartphones would be by now. Just a few of the items that are inconvenient for me as user. No calender app on phone. There is a calendar but you can't use it for anything except looking at dates without some other calendar account (whatever that is?). I used my old one for all my appts and it would send me reminders and such...I can't do that with the Fire,,,very disappointing. Another one is that you can set it send alerts or notifications for apps like FB, but yet nothing shows up, it is literally just the audio alert, but you have no idea for what! You can't customize the phone either, again not that big a deal for daily use, but still miss the option. The available apps are limited, which I was aware of and for the most part am fine with because I am not a big app user, but there were a couple that I really miss like Zedge for getting unique and personal ringtones and notification sounds. Overall, I am sure I will get more used to it and be fine with it, but unlike before, I may be counting down until I can upgrade unless they come up with some upgrades to the Fire between now and then.
Purchased to replace my Samsung Galaxy II (lousy battery life) and my Apple Ipod Nano (jack broke after 1 year) Pros: Excellent battery life Easy to use Keyboard is more accurate and responsive than other e-keyboards I've used in the past Pictures are good Intuitive design Firefly is kind of neat (but really more novelty than anything) Like the fact the 3D wall paper changes daily It is NOT an Apple product Cons Wish they made this in the Samsung Note size The wrist flick to other menus doesn't work as well as I'd hoped (or maybe I just haven't gotten the technique down)
This phone is on Fire!! Although it's not as popular as the iPhone or the galaxy. It's still a very nice phone. The May Day button is very exciting to use. I also loved that I got Amazon Prime for a year. It's may be a bit confusing to use at first but once you use it for a while you'll get used to it. I love it.
I love this phone I love this phone! I like that it's set up a lot like my kindle fire tablet. I love the access to my Amazon apps and shopping. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the battery doesn't last as long as I would like when using the apps. Otherwise, it's a great phone and the price was much less than the other smart phones I had considered buying.
Good start, but crippled for 2 immediate reasons. I have to say that I wanted this to be a five star review, but there are some critical flaws here that really need to be addressed. 1.). If you're going to build this on android, let it run android apps. Sure, I could side load apps, but who really wants to spend their time doing that? No Runkeeper, No Zombies, Run! Those were the first two apps I looked for. Then, no Google apps either. I bought this because I do love me some Amazon, but a phone without access to best of class apps is crippled. 2.). This phone would not pair properly with my truck. The Entune audio in my Toyota refused to see this device as a hands free device or allow me to stream music from it. That's just confusing, because Bluetooth is a very open standard, not sure how engineers could drop the ball on this. The hardware is great, the dynamic perspective pretty neat. There were some goofy things about the interface, but I was still tinkering when I returned this to Amazon for reasons 1 and 2. Those two flaws were deal breakers for me.
Great tecnology very poor enviromental impact! I discovered you use the Cloud technology that is fueled by dirty power which is an unnecessary assault on our environment. The phone has all kinds of new and fun ways of connecting with family and friends however until you change how you fuel your power source I have no intention of upgrading. We all must work together to lower the carbon output on this planet we all live on so we all have a responsibility to make sure we do no harm so please consider going over to a solar or wind powered system as your phone is used by so many people that you have a chance to make a real difference.
Music Lovers, Ignite! I intend to update this when I know more about the phone. Preliminarily, I can say the following: Amazing sound and ear bud quality. They are magnetic at the bud and so they don't tangle as easily as other buds I've used. Amazing visuals, and of course, the dynamic perspective is beautiful. The phone was set on a counter in front of me and, as I moved from side to side in about a three foot swath, it dawned on me that it actually looked different from different angles; for some reason I'd assumed it was the action of tilting it that changed the perspective. Silly of me? Yes, but what made it weird is that the change in perspective wasn't a smooth shift: It "swooped" in a way that made it appear that the phone was actually the one moving and the picture was gyroscopically changing itself. Very weird--and cool. The phone dropped a wireless signal at a time I wasn't expecting it to--inside a house. I still don't know if the music I was trying to download to the device actually made it there. The phone said the download failed, but then it seemed as if the music eventually made it. At least in "cloud" mode, you can see the lyrics of the music you're playing, and it scrolls down just like a karaoke machine. Pretty wild. I'd have rated this 5 stars if the device didn't get so physically hot so easily. It was in the high nineties this afternoon, the phone was in my jeans pocket, and I was in a slightly shaded area tossing chunks of wood into my truck. I hadn't used the phone in an hour and it was actually uncomfortable on my leg in the pocket. Not cool--literally. There's probably so much more to say, but this is a start. If I thought the heat was a deal-breaker, I'd not have given it 4 stars...
I enjoy my fire phone a lot and don't regret my purchase. Sturdy capable phone I enjoy my fire phone immensely. The phone is built for hard use. I like that the screen is not the size of a tablet. I was skeptical at first but yet I did not want to buy another Samsung with its huge screen and content that finds itself on another Android phone . Because Fire's OS is different, I find that there is more privacy and no unwanted file sharing with every other galaxy in the room. Take a look at phone and you might like it as I did. The sound is fantastic( I listen to a lot of audio books) The phone and all its trimmings performs better than other smart phones I have had. The phone is indestructible.
I love this phone I love this phone. I got it and the Kindle Fire HDX at the same time through AT&T and they mesh together perfectly. Unlike many, I can live without Google aps and yes, I still have access to my Gmail account. I don't "work" from my phone or tablet, so this is no real problem for me. The only thing that kept me from giving five stars is the battery life is not the best. If you are looking for a new phone and wish to go beyond the cookie-cutter Android devices out there, then get the Fire Phone. You won't regret it. Amazon, you have hit a home run with this, IMO.
Love them We had one for me, then loved it so much got another for husband. Now we purchased a third for our son. We love the camera, especially that it can take the photos 3 at a time where we can get one right before and right after the photo that shows up. That helps fix the whole "blink" or "look away" problem. We added the Vire Launcher, Play Store, and other features to it to make it more like a regular android. It was easy to do. I can't remember how to turn it back to regular Fire OS, but think I would now be willing to try. I love how, unlike Apple products, I never have to worry about a cracked screen. It's ridiculous how often those apple people have to get new screens or phones.
Buy this phone!! I absolutely love it!!!! I had Skepticism when I first bought the phone but after using it and dealing with it for the past few months it is actually been the best phone I've ever had I love the interface I love the picture quality I love the camera and the and sound quality the only thing I don't like about the phone is the voice assistant, It's more limited than Google S Voice, But the rest of phone is great! Definitely recommend it!
enjoying it I'm enjoying this phone so far. Wish it would work better with Android. Couple apps that are only in android market that I would like. Otherwise phone is solid in performance. Operates quick and performs well. Video quality is awesome. Been able to sync my gmail email to phone and have gotten all my contacts from my Google account. Glad to say the negative reviews are mostly wrong and people just expecting it to be another Samsung or HTC phone.
I find this phone easy to use and learn more each time I use ... Not being teck smari, I find this phone easy to use and learn more each time I use it. The personal one on one Help Desk Person is fantastic. I am witholding the last star until they fogure out why the telephone can not connect to the mobil network when I use it in my apartment in Rhode Island. Two sims cards and two fire phones and still no luck in that one location.
I had an iPhone for years and the only thing I liked better about it was the app selection and the ... I'm going to give a review of the actual phone. People please stop reviewing the energy policies of Amazon...this is not the place. I had an iPhone for years and the only thing I liked better about it was the app selection and the emojis (I miss the smiley faces). I would give this phone 5 stars if I could get my banks apps and a few others I miss, and my smiley. Personally, I don't know why the iPhone is so great. Their energy policies are wonderful and I applaud them, but like I said, this is not the forum, and these people writing bad posts could be paid, the same person posting with fake names, or could be from Apple that are trying to lower Amazon's Fire ratings. I truly hope not, but it's an obvious effort by the cut and paste posts with only a few things changed on each one. Shame of you people. Loving my Fire phone!
Started with bugs and missing features, but getting better with each new patch I like the speed and the camera. It was missing quite a few features at first, and had some serious bugs, but they are releasing new versions of the operating system fast enough to fix those in a reasonable time after I encounter them.
love the Amazon Fire I love the Amazon Fire phone. I went from the iPhone 4 to the fire. It does take a little time to get use to navigating through the phones functions. But the phone does come with an assistance video and the maday button. Which if anyone that has used Amazon's customer service it is the same, fast, friendly, a live person ( which is rare now a days). Apps download very fast and you can see how much each function is using in memory and battery life. It will take a few times to get use to tilting the phone to get to other functions but once you get the hang of it you will be good to go. The 3D screen savers are hot, at first they are set to change daily which I thought was cool. I would say get it you won't be disappointed.
I really like the fire phone I really like the fire phone, even though I was very nervous about getting it because all the reviews are very negative. But it has surpassed my expectations, it's fast, has a great camera, and I absolutely love the dynamic perspective giving the phone a 3D look just amazing! There are only a couple of things I don't like but have gotten over, the battery could be better I find myself charging more often than I use to. No big deal I bought a car charger. The other thing is the carousel isn't very private, as you swipe through recently used apps every thing is shown from last calls to text messages and emails. Both not a huge problem for me. Overall I love the look and build of the phone. I say good job Amazon!
The motion features are nice and all but I run my phone with low ... Switched from an IPhone to the Fire Phone and was pleasantly surprised. The motion features are nice and all but I run my phone with low motion settings. The phone operates very smooth and navigation is extremely easy. Only downfall is the lack of some major applications (youtube for example) but numerous third party equivalents make up for those. Overall it is a very nice phone and I would definitely recommend it.
Worst Phone I've owned Would not charge correctly with charger, after many calls/chats with customer service i got a refurbished fire phone... which was even worse... will disconnect from service provider at any given time (no, this is not my service provider as I don't have this problems with other phones). Charging issues continue, such a disappointment.
It's a very easy to use phone It's a very easy to use phone. With the May day app. Any question you have is immediately answered by your own Tec person. .
Not worth it. Too Many Negatives! I am a huge Amazon fan and I really wanted to like this phone. I went from using an iPhone 5 and didn't want to wait for the iPhone 6. However, after several months with the Fire Phone. I am really disappointed and wish that I had returned it within the allowable time - or better still, waited for the iPhone 6. So many others have already listed the pros and cons of the Fire Phone, so no need for me to belabor them and waste anyone's time. So HERE IS WHAT I HATE MOST!!! * 8 hours standby time, then it's nearly dead. * don't let me have a 20 minute phone call. It's pretty much done. * If I use it as a GPS, I will need to have it charging in my car or I won't make it to my destination. * Gets really HOT just sitting - even hotter when charging. The 3D screen is a cute gimmick that does not make up for all of the negatives. If you are thinking about buying a Fire Phone, you will want to read all of the one-star reviews first. There is a good reason for that. I am not sure who wrote 5-star reviews. I love you Amazon, Love my Kindles (I've bought just about all of them at least once). But, your Fire Phone breaks my heart.
Good phone for $100 but not very smart Amazon really dropped the ball on this one, its a Android HYBRID and has limited apps available. Used it for six months, phone worked well, apps did not. Back of phone is GLASS! It broke while removing it from a sticky pad cell phone holder! I think the people who wrote the OS was the same people who did the Obama Care website. Amazon launched this and let the consumer do the field testing. That's why you had 24/7 Mayday tech support. They were letting you debug it with your feedback and Maydays.
Love Amazon, Hate the phone! I love amazon, so I wanted to love my Fire Phone. I bought it the day it came out through AT&T next program. Now I am sorry that I am stuck with it for another year. I previously had the Galaxy Note 1, and it was fantastic. I am sorry that I betrayed the droid. The lock screen is beautiful. I love them, but I am stuck with a phone that all I can do is e-mail and facebook. I cannot get the aps that I used on my previous phone because they are not available. No Target Cartwheel, No mobile banking, and that is just to start the list. I'm sorry Amazon, but this is crap. People have trouble hearing you unless you hold the phone in a certain position. If you are smart, you will not buy this phone!!!
The review Overall operations of the Amazon fire phone are good. The hardware is spectacular in the fire phone. Much better than apple series. The only drawback to the Amazon fire phone is that the Google apps do not work with it. YouTube is hard to navigate using the browser instead of the app, many of the games are not on the App Store. But inconsideration with the hardware the phone is still worth the buy. I will continue to recommend Amazon fire phone.
Fire OS is "on fire" ! I am a former Samsung 4 and iPhone 4S user and switched to the Fire Phone recently. By far the best feature is the Fire OS as it is clear, streamlined, and very easy to use. There is a consistency within the native applications which I appreciate and tilting the phone either way brings up menus within each application. Highly recommended to watch the "Getting Started" video which you will see as you turn on the phone as this tilting feature is not obvious at first. The dynamic perspective feature is wonderful as the buttons seem to "float" on the screen. When this perspective feature is used on the lock screen, it allows you to appear to look down hallways, around balloons. Some nice touches to the contact app is that when you touch a given contact, the photo for that person will get larger-it's fun. The calendar app works very well with google and is actually easier to use, and does not include a lot of extraneous buttons. The weather app is beautiful and, unlike 3rd party apps on Google play, you don't have to look at ads that stream across the bottom of the page. The settings page is intuitive and easy to use. Yes, there are not nearly as many apps as Google Play or iTunes which is a hindrance but I don't need 100 different clock apps or 100 different note taking apps-maybe I do actually need them? All the other reviews have focused on the "gee-whiz" features of the phone but, to me, it appear that the engineers have looked at the Android OS and iOS and tried to streamline both of these operating systems to the most essential features, gotten rid of extra buttons, rarely used features. The end result is a efficient, well done operating system and interface that saves me time, and, in the end, allows me to get things done with fewer "clicks" and "taps"
Amazing phone !!! Loving it. I have Galaxy Note 3 and used iPhone before but quality of Fire phone is amazing. Crystal clear sound, Photo/picture quality is the best (I took same picture from my Note 3 and with Fire phone, by far Fire phone's quality is better). WiFi is great as well. There are many small features, which makes your life very easy. That is what I love about Amazon products, which other companies are not focusing. Amazon probably has lot to improve on but for a first phone launch you can't get anything better. Way to go Amazon !!!
Absolutely love my Amazon Kindle Fire Phone Absolutely love my Amazon Kindle Fire Phone. Since I already have 2 kindles with lots of apps & books, all the information transfered to my new phone. If I reading a book on my kindle & then pick up my phone to read it takes me to the last page read. Love that I don't have to carry 2 devices with me when go out. The phone is also easy to use & has a very clear picture & screen.
Perfect We are an older couple and this is our first smartphone. This is not a technical review. This is the best sounding (speaking & listening) phone of any cellular phone we've ever owned. The size seems perfect. The screen is big enough to see, but the phone is not too bulky to handle. My husband was afraid the keyboard for texting would be too small, but he is pleased that he can actually use it. So far I have used the GPS, camera and firefly and have been pleased. We are pleased enjoying the device and exploring its many applications. We are also happy we waited for this one as many of its predecessors were only half baked by comparison.
My very first smartphone, and it's pretty disappointing Believe it or not, I survived until July 2014 without a proper smart phone. My prior phone was a Samsung Evergreen with full slide out qwerty keyboard. So if anyone is used to not having certain conveniences, it is I. I got this phone the day it came out. I was so excited about the dynamic perspective and tapping into the Amazon ecosystem. I was already a prime member. I thought the phone would provide me some different functionality from what I could get on my other apple products, and I was prepared for a different user experience. I was stoked when I got the phone. The display is beautiful. The hardware is solid. The camera is great. It is a solid phone with clear call quality, and I can multi-task while talking. What I can't do is... much else. The primary disappointment-- no Uber, no Lyft, no FlyDelta, no Starbucks. The main apps that I actually need on a phone for full benefit. I could live without facebook and games on my phone (though those are available in the Amazon App store). I work on a computer all day and have an iPad for games. But not being able to get around, to have to geek out and sideload an Android Uber app which won't update automatically without my searching the web for a more current *.apk file-- that's not cool. I waited patiently, thinking these apps would emerge in the first month. They haven't. And now there are new phones being announced making me jealous. I am sad I wasted a 2 year contract renewal getting this phone. And I paid the full $200 for it. :( I really don't want to spend 20 minutes searching on a relatively crappy Bing browser (remember, no Google apps whatsoever!) to get a ride home.
I like the Fire which is similar to my Kindle I like the Fire which is similar to my Kindle. I like the May Day features alot. I do not care for the Prime Movie selections. It seems to be geared for a younger audience and we do not have a strong enough internet connection to stream movies.
I like my phone I just feel if we had a ... I like my phone I just feel if we had a software update it would be awesome. Like for Instance we should be able to change the colors of the messaging app. Also it glitches from time to time and becomes slow if there was a way to fix it I think the a software upgrade would help. Last but not least we need more apps on the app store and definitely some updates for some of the apps that are already on the app store
Best phone I ever had This is the best phone I've ever had, no joke. I have an iPhone 5C for work and have had two other IPhones for work. I have also had a bunch of Android phones and the fire phone is the best of both. The simplicity of the IPhone with the flare or uniqueness of the Androids. The lock screen 3d effect is amazing and the one handed features are just plain great engineering. If you get this phone with an open mind you won't regret it. That being said I don't use a lot of apps so can't speak to that but love everything about this phone including the keyboard and overall features of the phone.
Another great product from Amazon Absolutely love this phone. I used it as a tiny tablet for quite some time before deciding to get a nano-Sim. It is sad people have been brainwashed to use only certain phones; this is an excellent phone with great features. The camera is excellent. I wish Amazon hadn't given up on this phone. The easy addition of Google pay completely makes it stellar.
Plus and minus Pros: Instant help (talking to actual person via phone); Tilt phone to access apps Cons: All apps needed may not be available. Locked into Amazon apps - can't access Google play which has the apps I needed.
I love my new Fire Phone I love my new Fire Phone. I have 2 Kindle Fire and 1 Kindle so I guess you can call us a Kindle family. Everything ties into my phones. We have two Fire Phones 1 for me and 1 for my grandson. He also loves the phone. Great phone I would recommend.
Almost, but no Picasa! I like the phone after using it as a "daily driver" for 3 weeks but compared to other android devices and the iPhone I feel sort of abandoned/alone and disappointed. As an android-based device it runs fairly well with a very acceptable responsiveness and usability. I found most of the my needed apps and side-loaded a few to get almost back to where a real android or IOS device would be based on functionality (still missing a few and some that are there aren't near as nice as the IOS versions). I tend to agree with most reviews that say the unique features (dynamic perspective, firefly and mayday) don't really make up for the lack of apps and little quirks of the Fire Phone. I sort-of enjoy dynamic perspective but isn't really useful for anything, haven't had any success with firefly where it was anymore useful than a web search or UPC scan and my mayday experiences are 0 for 2. Mayday couldn't answer how I could use the phone or computer to upload pictures I already have (am I supposed to just start over) nor could they help me with Quiet Time (which is a feature on the Kindle Fire tablets that silences your phone at night, for instance). The quirks come in the form of random slow downs, hangs and even the dynamic perspective stopped totally and I had to "restore to factory defaults" to get it working again. I really like living in the Amazon eco system, I like getting most of my media from Amazon (books, audiobooks, movies, TV) but where it is lacking is really annoying. Prime Music is a separate app and works really poorly (Beats Music is now available and works much better)! Photos is my most disappointing experience. I can't find an easy way to get all my photos on Amazon cloud drive AND the cost is MUCH more (for 1TB for example) than Google or even Dropbox, now! I really want to like the Amazon Fire Phone but it is just not quite ready for prime time. I plan to give it a little longer to see if Amazon releases a good Photo manager/uploader for Mac/PC (like Google's Picasa) and improves Amazon Prime music enough to compete. I also expect it will become more stable in future Fire OS releases (3.5.1 is better). BOTTOM LINE: I wouldn't stick with it except for the fact that all my media is in Amazon cloud (and I enjoy Prime Instant Video) and I already have an iPhone for work...otherwise I would have sent it back the first week.
The Ugly, the Good, and the Amazing. A few days before getting the fire phone I was worried about switching from my MotoX because the fire media reviews were very negative and the phone did not come with Google Maps which I use mainly for navigation (mission critical). I was regretting my choice and I was a bit jealous of my wife newly acquired Samsung S5 and a little less of my kids' iphones. When I got the phone I noticed the battery discharging fast and the unit running hot. This dampened my initial excitement further. After charging the battery to 100% the second day, the battery started behaving normally and the phone ran cool. I have been wanting to upload screenshot of the battery life to the product page but the customers images application is not enabled on the product page as of 7/29/2014. I tested the native map app right away and it worked great. However, I was worried that the app would not live to the Google traffic algorithm. I tried to sideload Gmap from 1mobile but I got a parsing error. I was bummed. To my surprise, Waze which is own by Google was available in the Amazon Appstore. That made my day. Waze is amazing! My navigation needs are fully met. The Amazing: For me the UI is the most impressive part of this phone. Amazon has figured out how to make the carousel works perfectly with the tile presentation. I also like how fluid the native apps are running on the phone which is enhanced by the gesture application. Regarding firefly and dynamic perspective...Amazing and it is only Day 1. My wife and kids' phones have nothing on my fire phone. I would not trade mine with them. No way!
26. Blazing hot! I would certainly buy this with eyes closed but, being an overseas customer, this was not available in my territory. So, this is me simply sharing my enthusiasm for this eagerly awaited launch, one that reminds me of the much-anticipated Playstation 4 release. Most probably all Fire Phone buyers are super excited right now. Personally, although I consider myself to be the exact opposite of a gadget freak, however, this one had me getting all hyped up upon ckecking the list of specifications a few months ago. Looks like this brand new phone has everything that a highly demanding customer expects, boasting some very innovative, practical, and tastefully designed programs and applications. The ever so anticipated Dynamic Perspective software is definitely among the reasons potential buyers will purchase this, along with the Firefly application. Surely there are going to be drawbacks, too, but hopefully these will be very limited. Amazon appears to have come up with a highly accomplished smartphone device, ideal for gadget lovers and casual users alike. And, despite its rather costly price, this looks like it is going to be a success. Look forward to reading proper reviews with technical analysis and first impressions for this little beauty, Amazon Fire Phone is finally here, hurrah!
this phone rocks I love this phone it took me a little while to adjust after using Apple for so long ok so some of my games won't work on the fire but the Apple became an iPod for the games that won't work Apple is dead to me now
I feel this is a really great phone, if you're not going to use a ... Overall, I feel this is a really great phone, if you're not going to use a smartphone for much. I actually liked the way it feels, the way it's set up, the look of the screen and pictures/camera/video clearnes is great. As well as the fact that if you're an amazon member already, most of your things just pop up on the phone once you log in to your account. I also love the 3d graphics on the lock screen. I absolutely love to watch video on it and listen to music, I have to say that it has great sound. I also seriously love the headphones, which will hopefully be available seperately and in more colors because I would definitely buy more. Another plus is that it has 32 GB. What I didn't like is the fact that I can not access certain apps, that I really depend on (train/bus tracker), properly. Now this may be the fault of android technology itself or the app, but I honestly found an iphone to be a lot easier to access anything on. The Fire phone is easy to navigate through but because of its size & heaviness, I find myself fumbling with it when I try to use it with one hand. Also, I may have gotten a defective phone because it turns itself off at times (but it does restart on its own which is nice), it gets really hot, and all of a sudden I get voicemails when it's right in front of me and I could have answered the call, but it just didn't even ring. I was debating between 3-4 stars, but the phone does work well overall, and I did pay a bit over a dollar for it so for that amount, I wasn't surprised that the phone is a bit defective. I have to honestly say though, that I have no idea if I am going to keep the phone as I miss a few of the apps that function better on the iphone. In the end, the Fire phone is really not bad for it being the first Amazon smartphone.
Great for Amazon Users! May need better price to convince non Prime user to purchase This is the Amazon phone you are looking for! Does everything Amazon which is great consider I have Kindle. This review will constantly be updated. If you find this helpful, please press Yes below. My profile: Heavy gadget users for personal and business purposes. I use my phone (Galaxy S5) quite a bit for personal use and iPhone 5 for work I have the following and/or used the following before: 1) iPhone 5 2) Galaxy S5 3) Galaxy S3 4) Wife's Moto X 5) Galaxy Nexus 6) Nexus One 7) iPhone 3GS I've been through many devices and also Kindle Fire Tablets. This will be an ongoing review for this device throughout this next year. I will provide a detail comparison between the smartphones I use and a little bit of Kindle Fire comparison (which uses similar OS). Spec (8/10): For Amazon first attempt, this is a very decent phone. It has the speed of my wife's Moto X but not where it is for Galaxy S5. However, this phone is built much differently for different purpose. It's an "experience" phone rather than a "spec" phone. Like an iPhone or Moto X, it provides a very tight experience to its Fire OS without needing any of the raw power that you get from Galaxy S5 to please you. It's a phone that does "just enough" for all the things the OS is capable of doing for you Screen (9/10): This screen is very nice. At 720p, it may not have the clarity of the Galaxy S5 but beats the iPhone 5. Video on this is crisp. Running 720p content is absolutely fabulous on this device and no shadowing whatsoever. Sound(8/10): The sound system in this Fire Phone is Digital Dolby Plus. This means lots of virtualization of sound and a good pair of earphones wlil help you go through your tracks. Quality is on par with Galaxy S5 for low bitrate soundtrack but at higher bitrate, the Galaxy S5 maybe better with the 24-bit/192kHz DAC built in that the Fire Phone is lacking. The earphone that comes with the device is very clever with magnetic pad to stick the earphones together and reduce tangle. Build & Styling (7/10): This Fire Phone is a sturdy piece of brick. Yes, a brick I said because there's not much styling to it. It's like holding a phone from 2010. Styling is more inline with the Nexus 4 with Glass back and the iPhone 3GS with round side. People may think you are holding some cheapo knockoff phone without the Amazon logo on the back of the phone. Definitely you won't impress your colleagues if you are going for the looks. However, it does feel very sturdy and I can tell it can take some major drops. I advise getting a case to stylize your phone Camera (8/10) The Camera on the Fire Phone is mediocre at best. It's not as good as Galaxy S5 16MP ISOCELL camera but it serves it purpose. There is Optical Image Stabilization on this camera which is done quite well and much less blurry shots that you expect from phones such as the Galaxy S5. Details won't be on par with Galaxy S5 but for those quick snap this is the phone to use. The best part about the camera is not actually the camera but the free cloud storage on the camera. You get UNLIMITED photo storage using the Fire Phone. For the ones that go crazy snapping around all the time, you don't have to worry about storage space anymore. Remember this is for photos and not for videos. Videos still have storage limits. Software & Experience (8/10): There are two major software that is the biggest feature on this phone Dynamic Perspective - This tracks your head movement by using the 5 cameras in the four corners of the Fire Phone's front face to track your head constantly. If you try to move your head or tilt your phone, your perspective will be align with the phone. Special viewpoints are like the edge of icons, image focus that you don't see at other angles. It's fun to play with but frankly a bit of a gimmick. Firefly - Click the firefly button on the phone and point it towards the item you want to purchase, and it will appear on your phone for purchase if available or recognized. It's great idea but really only works around 50% of the time. For example, it's definitely not useful if the item is not on Amazon's selection (which is possible surprisingly) or that it recognize it as something else. Purchasing can't be more easier with this and it's a very good direction Amazon is taking for improve customer experience. But until this can work more than 50% of the time, I will stick with the Amazon mobile store for purchases. The other apps are very similar to the Kindle Fire apps. If you are using a Kindle Fire, this should be easy for you to use and navigate. Things like Mayday is still available on the phone which is definitely useful for people who are less tech savvy. I will find this very useful for my mom so that she can ask Mayday rep the tech questions instead of me! This phone is definitely not as open as actual Android phones such as Galaxy S5. Although Fire OS is based on Android, it is still a very closed system and it's Amazon every intention to keep you in their ecosystem. If you are like me who have Amazon Prime, this device is a godsend. All your instant video/musics/purchase is tightly intergrated to this smartphone. If you live by Amazon, this is the phone to get. However, if you like to play around with things such as custom ROMs then it's best to stay off this phone. You won't be getting the type of freedom on customization that you get on Android. Battery (6.5/10): Battery life is quite good given the phone is not top specification. However, the Dynamic Perspective and Firefly can drain your battery quite fast if you use it constantly. Unfortunately, you cannot remove the battery of the phone and replace it with another (which Galaxy S5 has and it is very handy feature to have) so you better be careful how you use your phone. Complimentary Accessories (6/10): There are quite a number of cases out for the Fire Phone at launch which is great. Additionally the accessories that come with the phone such as the earphone are very good. Value (6/10): This is a very hard one to write about. On one hand, you get one full year of Prime membership for free which is 99 dollars in value + unlimited photo storage (which can be quite expensive if you are using other cloud service to storage over 1000 GB of photos) On the other hand, you are lock down to all Amazon services + AT&T exclusivity + mediocre specification (though enough for this phone as I mentioned) + $200 on contract for 32gb which is as expensive as some high end phones available today For value, it really comes down to how often you use Amazon. If you are an Amazonholic, then this phone will not disappoint you. However, if you don't even have Amazon Prime to begin with or that you are not locked down currently to any Amazon service, this device can be quite expensive for getting into Amazon services. Conclusion in one sentence: Great for CURRENT Amazon service users & not so great for anyone not locked into their system yet. Perhaps Amazon needs to rethink its pricing strategy for this device. For current Amazon customers such as myself who know Amazon good service that we are currently locked into, this is a great upgrade to enhance the shopping experience of Amazon and to enjoy all the Amazon Prime services on my most frequently used device. However, it can be quite expensive sacrifice for newcomers to Amazon ecosystem especially this phone is not cheap (unlike the Kindle Fire) and that the mediocre specs are not selling itself. Especially with AT&T exclusivity, I don't see how this device will be flying off the shelf (think Facebook phone). What Amazon should do is to reprice this to cheaper bracket (Free on 2 year contract at least) or let people try using this phone for free for a limited amount of time. Dynamic Perspective and Firefly are just not enough to sell the phone to newcomers. As mentioned, I will update this review periodically. Next time I will focus on physical wear and tear of the machine after couple more months and again on battery life (as all electronics have a diminishing battery duration throughout its course of use). [...] Thanks for reading!
So far so good. I do not have a Kindle so was ... I have only had the phone for about a wk. So far so good. I do not have a Kindle so was all new to me. I really like the phone. Except with two apps i have had Badoo, there is an error to log in everytime. saying it can't connect to facebook, which is only on my phone no other devices. The other app is Facebook msger. IT works fine other then clicking it notifications it kinda freezes until i hit the home screen button. if i just click the Msger Icon it works fine.
Great phone especially if your invested in Amazon services Honestly this is a great phone and likely the best Android based phone I have owned. I am invested in the Amazon eco system as I buy all my music and videos on Amazon, Fire Tablet and Fire TV as well as having Amazon Prime, now with an additional year for free! Due to this everything works great and is so simple. I do miss some apps that are not in the Amazon app store however the selection is way better that I was expecting. If the device had Google Play store then it would have been a 5 star review and made phone perfect!
Just not done right. I decided to return mines. It was fast and easy to use but the app store was terrible(ex. no Clash of Clans or banking apps). On top of that games made the phone run to hot. Battery life was less than advertised. They should have asked LG or Motorola to make a phone for them to skin vs making this half baked product(ex. Nexus 6 is a Google phone made by Motorola, the Nexus 5 is a Google phone made by Lg). Imagine an Amazon phone made by Sony... Now I see they dropped the price but not low enough. The phone shouldn't cost more than a Moto X 2013 or Nexus 5, two phone that out class this phone in most categories.
and she couldn't be happier with her choice My wife has finally given up her old flip phone and joined the I-phone generation, and she couldn't be happier with her choice. Ordering was trouble-free, delivery was trouble free, and set-up and activation was quick easy and trouble free. We are very happy with our choice.
It would be great if it had other apps on there like Google ... It would be great if it had other apps on there like Google play store. Google play store has amazon on there why not have Google play store on Amazon. I think every one will love it if it has the Google play store. Then everyone will want the new amazon fire phone. The people that has already have it the could just upgrAde on the phone system instead of buying the best amazon fire of they make a second one.
Yoo-hoo? Anybody listening? Chloe? I've just read a sampling of the reviews here -- not the 3,000-word ones that gives "verbose" and "overkill" new meanings -- but the many thoughtful and blessedly concise reviews. And like many, I too wanted to love this phone. And since it is my first "smart" phone, I didn't come into this with a fixed format in my head, so was not as disappointed as some. Basically, I'm reasonably satisfied with the phone. The camera, while a tad awkward to use, takes excellent photos; I have a digital Leica for which I paid considerable cash that does not produce perceptible better results -- and it is not always in my pocket as my phone is. Have not dropped a single call nor have I heard that "I hear an echo" or any of those irritating sound transmission problems I've had on other cells. Lots of innovation here. But. The lack of apps I used regularly has bugged me any number of times. Clicking the keypad to dial a number -- the sound is so scratchy and short, sometimes you're not sure you actually have "dialed" correctly. Sometimes tilt doesn't work; sometimes swipe doesn't work; a couple of times it has frozen, necessitating a hard-reboot. I suppose the thing that riles me the most is what appears to be the complete disappearance of any further incarnation of the Kindle Fire Phone. I was one of the fortunate Prime members who paid less than $200.00 for the phone and got a free year of Prime to boot. I feel for those who got in on the ground floor, paid the "big bucks" required originally, and now . . . . what? No upgrades? Already you can't get a new one, so I suppose I'm just kidding myself that it will come roaring back, all hiccups cured. Sad, that. I did think Amazon was better than this.
I am very happy with my Amazon Fire phone I am very happy with my Amazon Fire phone. I did some research before I decided to go with this as it did not get very good reviews. It looks like the biggest issue other people had was switching from the Apple or Google platforms. The Amazon platform doesnt have some of the apps on the other platforms. I have a kindle fire tablet and am on it all the time and I love it so knew I would love the fire phone as well
If you have cold hands this is a great phone for you because it heats up quickly If you have cold hands this is a great phone for you because it heats up quickly, becoming very warm within the first minute of a phone call. So I guess that's good for people with cold hands. If you really like the way Apple locked down the apps store so you couldn't buy anything from anyone but them you'll also appreciate that Amazon doesn't allow you to install apps from Google Play. If you wanted a very average to below average camera then this is the phone for you - it really delivers in mediocre quality! The much vaunted peek left/right features work at least 25% of the time, so if you were hoping to be able to retry them until they work then you will have fun. If you were tired of that know-it-all Siri always having answers and being able to set a timer or start an app then you will appreciate the limited functionality of whatever voice monster lives inside the fire. It really can do almost nothing! Are you tired of getting phone calls? Because the antennae in this phone is evidently placed in such a way to make it not get coverage in places where normal iPhones and Galaxies get 4 bars. It may seem like I think this is a bad phone, a bad smartphone, and a waste of money. That's because that's exactly what I think. This phone is so crappy it's almost like they tried to make it awful.
My favorite phone...EVER! Don't give up Amazon! Please bring back an updated version that will make me even more happier than I have been this past year and a half. I love my phone, but I have cracked the screen and I must get a new one. Imagine My disappointment to find its no longer being sold!!! Please bring it back!
Believe the hype... To start, for all the 1 star reviewers, I'm glad I didn't listen to what you said, whether it was about the actual phone, or Amazon's cloud storage. It seems a lot of people were expecting this phone to be the most innovative, exciting and breathtaking product to ever hit the market. To be honest, I think in a lot of ways it is, but it is still a phone at its core, not a super computer. The good... As a phone, call quality is great, better than my blackberry which I thought had amazing call quality, this is much better. Speakerphone also works better than other phones I've had. Email functionality is very good, another area I thought I would miss my blackberry, but it color codes my different gmail accounts so I can sort through work and personal easily. Overall all my business uses for the phone work great on this, gmail, google drive, google calendars, my surveillance system monitoring, facebook page managing, all made simple on this phone. Firefly has come in handy on a few occasions during shopping, hearing a song I want to have, and reading business cards to quickly add contacts. Love the music app, only thing I'm not sure of, why prime music and the fire music app aren't one? I recently realized on some songs it'll display the lyrics, karaoke style, pretty neat. First thing I did was went through all the settings and customized the phone just the way I wanted it, which I think is something a lot of people didn't do, because you can change a lot of things to work the way you want. Battery life is very good now that I've gotten through the first few days of constant use, or just poking around. The bad... I need to figure out how to disable the voice command button while the screen is locked, I keep hitting it in my pocket and getting annoyed with that. I have noticed the phone being a bit warm coming off of the charger, but not to the point where it made me nervous. Granted I'm used to being in a kitchen for work so heat doesn't bother me so much. Overall... I'm coming off of having a blackberry torch for the past 4 years or so, so I think most new phones are impressive. I got the Fire phone because of the integration with all the Amazon services, and to be honest I'm barely using it for that purpose. It's there when I need it, and not intrusive at all, which I think was done very tastefully. Everything about this phone has impressed me from the start and I'm still discovering things after a month. I suggest to anyone who is on the fence to try it out. Unless you decide otherwise beforehand, you will most likely end up loving this phone.
Nice phone, but needs a lot of work It's a great phone overall, but there are many little problems about this. I love the camera on this, the opperating system, and the Dynamic Perspective. But the app store has nothing compared to the google play. It's battery has a very short life. It overheats really quickly. I hate using facebook on this cause the messaging system doesn't work. This would probably be ten times better if it had some better updates, more apps, more troubleshooting. Overall I think it's a great phone, but just in it's beginning. It needs a lot of work still.
Great Graphics. Loves the graphics and sound. But I couldn't get all the apps I had on my iPhone. Quiet the pain to get all the contacts over as well. Isn't it crazy how dependent one can become on needing some apps and the convenience. Power doesn't last as long as the iPhone either.
Was really hoping for more... I love the kindle devices for my kids as they do kids right with their free time settings. In as much as I thought I would love this phone, I have come to realize it's an "ok" phone as I use my phone mostly for calls, texts and emails. That being said it is a bit disappointing that the app market is still lacking a lot of software that I like to use from time to time, and the fact you can't use "any" of the Google apps or watch YouTube decently on the device is a bit frustrating at times. If I could return it, I would, but for now will have to live with it. (Would also be nice if they could make the Planet Puzzles a little more challenging) I have had issues in the past with the system restarting on it's own, locking up and the touch interface would stop responding, however after the last update, I haven't seen any of those issues appear. Some of those issues may also have also been related to some of the apps I was testing and no longer use. Firefly sorta works, many times when I have tried to use it while shopping would result in different items then the one scanned or it wouldn't find them at all. Tried image look-ups, bar code look-ups etc. Seems their database may be a bit limited for the firefly feature, at least from what little testing I have done, thus I don't use it. (pretty much have forgotten it even exists, except for when I press the button accidentally, or press it to try and turn on the camera). Buttons on the device, or at least on mine, are a bit sensitive. I carry my phone in my front pocket and the buttons are being pushed to easily. If I lock the phone with a pin then there seems to be fewer issues. I also got the amazon case as it helps with the buttons on the side of the phone, but does not help with the home button (which is was the main issue). Anyway, was really hoping for more, just looking forward to upgrading when I can at this point and living with what I have.
I enjoyed having prime I enjoyed having prime, but really it was a larger version of my kindle fire. It was not compatible with any of my apps from the iphone and made it very difficult to keep up with my daily events. Also, it would not display my call history or voicemails until an hour later. Then when i would attempt to put it on speaker, the buttons would jump and I would accidentally end a call. I had to return it.
Lukewarm initial impression Average phone missing some important apps I used daily with my Tab3. Lack of Google Play will keep this phone from ever being a serious player in the Smart Phone industry. The only unique feature, Dynamic Perspective, has stopped working since the OS updated last night. Update. The reason my Dynamic Perspective stopped working was related to the app LastPass. Thanks to Russ the outstanding Mayday tech support rep for figuring it out. I uninstalled the app and everything works fine.
I was drawn to the Fire Phone because I have never been comfortable with the typical Android experience I have always been intrigued by new and innovative technologies. I was drawn to the Fire Phone because I have never been comfortable with the typical Android experience. I always found other Android phones messy and disorganized compared to the iPhone (or even Windows phones). Fire's OS seemed cleaner and easier to use. I've had the phone about 5 days, and I find that the build quality is excellent. The screen, while not super-high-resolution, is serviceable, and bright. Pictures and videos look fine. I really like the interface, and find it understandable, well-organized, and easy to use. Firefly works pretty well - and, given that I am a Prime junkie, is a great way to get things to the door faster and easier. Dynamic Perspective is a gimmick, though I am sure that developers could really take advantage of it, if there was any market to do so. Therein lies the rub. I often land up with dead-end technology (can you say "WebOS from HP?"). I am afraid that, if I keep the phone, nobody is ever going to develop anything really interesting for it, and it will pretty much stay at its current state. That said, there isn't anything on the market that excites me either, so I would just land up going back to my HTC One (M7) for a time. This isn't my primary phone anyway (I have an iPhone for day-to-day use), so the fact that it doesn't do everything is OK. That said, if I am ever tempted to get an Android Wear watch, then my Fire Phone won't be much help, unless I can side-load the app.
Good phone if you're used to a tracfone or never had a smartphone. I got tired of paying for extra texts on my LG traction and yet not using the accumulated minutes. The fire slides nicely in the middle between a high end smartphone and a basic trac with texting and internet. Much better keyboard on the fire, screen quality, etc. I think this is the niche that is Amazon's only hope and they have realized it. Dropping the price to 99 cents allows that to occur. Love the fire phone..did not have a smartphone prior. No issues with AT&T so far, but will see.
best phone ever Love this phone! Great camera. Cool functions.
phone stalls and crashes This phone needs more options inside the app store Google play and iPhone both have a lot more options toward Syncing your phone with your TV or even your game system at half PlayStation apps in Xbox apps call of duty apps Because with all the new games that's coming out on the new updated next-generation systems all those games has apps and you can download those apps to control your game and update information three your app on your phone when you away from your game now where has the Amazon fire phone would not be able to do that because they have no actual game system apps that can control their and update their game from elsewhere and Amazon needs to make there own task killer built in the phone not an app that you download, and this phone glitches and stalls and crashes
Unique phone and a blessing for rural living Had this phone for about a year...I does everything I need and more....I love it....google isn't everything as I see some complain about the apps not on the phone....I live in rural Montana and I get signal when most don't...I can stream when the power goes off which can be often during storm season. I can order online and get good deals delivered directly to me as opposed to driving 40 miles plus to the local wal mart... just to receive poor customer service if any. Thank you amazon....just wish you still had the phones available. I would buy another in a heart beat. For those who felt it was overpriced they must not have been watching for the deals you have on amazon. I paid less that most contract phones and got $99 towards Prime. Which by the way I have used on a regular basis as there are many things I can purchase that cannot be found in rural Montana and if you do find it may be very pricey. I have not had any trouble with this phone since I purchased it Thank you again. I hope to see the 64 GB become available.
How am I to set up my smart home with the Amazon Alexa You NEVER have the apps I need. Where is the DJI Phantom 4 app? Where is the Harmony Hub app, for the Logitech Harmony Companion?? Where is the Nest App for the Nest Learning Thermostat?? How am I to set up my smart home with the Amazon Alexa, if I can NOT download any of the apps to my Amazon Fire Phone? I couldn't even play Pokemon Go, if I wanted to. I either want my money back that I spent on this Amazon Fire phone, so that I can spend it on a Samsung or Apple, OR you can put the apps on it that I need! There is only one thing stopping me from setting up a smart home(or quadcopter), and buying all the equipment from you guys, is that the Fire Phone(and Kindle) doesn't support anything. At this point, none of my friends or family will buy a Fire phone or Kindle, just because of the issues they know I have with the products. Sincerly, wanting my money back.......
After less than four months, already back to my broken iphone 5 I was looking for a change from iphone after become less and less enchanted by each model that had come out. Plus, both ours iphones were starting to fail--my phone would shut off at 35% battery life and my wife's power button would not work at all. When the fire phone was announced, we broke our contracts and started new ones to get the phones. We got the phones day one in July and in October we found ourselves switching back to our old broken iphones. Although only after a few months, our phones we had been using for nearly 2yrs previously felt like brand new phones compared to our experience with the fire phone! We were so frustrated by the buggy interface, boring app selection, and unnecessary features--all of which I realized the first week. I honestly don't have anything to say positive about the fire phone, which is irritating because I love amazon and their products. I've owned a few kindles and a fire tv and they've all been great and impressive. I don't know how they could have been so wrong about the phone. Maybe they'll get it right on the next one.
It could be better First off, I love Amazon. I own a Kindle, I buy a lot of things on Amazon, hence why I'm a Prime member (so getting a free year of Prime really sold this to me and the dropped price); however, the Amazon Fire Phone could be considerably better. Considering the competition, iPhone (never owned one, but we know allll about it), Samsung (own one, and never bought another), and all the other phones available on the market, this phone just does not measure up. This phone freezes A LOT. I have the 64 G (had the 32 as well), and I've had it for roughly 2 week now, and it's freezes. The key board will disappear at times, wont appear till seconds later; after clicking the line to start writing, it will freeze. The lock up screen will stay frozen, and the only way for me to get the phone to unfreeze is to click the power button which there can be a delay. And even then it will freeze on the black screen. Either way, this phone freezes, and that SUCKS. The freezing aspect is my only true complaint. There was an update which not help the freezing, but it did help with the keyboard freezing. Keyboard still freezes and vanishes and all that funky stuff but not nearly as often. The lack of Apps really isn't a big deal to me. I mainly used "popular" and "big" Apps such as Pinterest, WhatsApp, Instagram, and etc. I do miss SwiftKey (PLEASE, can we get a different keyboard?), AT&T Messages(this is on AT7T). The battery life use to leave much to be desired, but it has greatly improved after their latest update. Overall, if you order a lot on Amazon, and are entrench in their "web" this could work. However, bear in mind, this phone freezes. If that would really annoy you, you use Google apps a lot, do not get this phone. p.s. I've edited my review
Amazon Fire phone is pretty awesome I've had my phone for a couple weeks now and I've really enjoyed it. It's a great phone with state of the art technology. The menus that are tilt sensitive really aren't hard to grasp and I've never had a problem with it. I've used iPhones, HTC phones, and a lot of Android powered phones and I think I like this one the best. Overall I think this is a great phone. Pros: Camera Screen resolution Sound Operating system Cons: Battery life Front facing camera isn't great
Amazon Nailed it! Best phone I ever had. Easy use clean look. 3D perspective does take a little to get used to but, once you do you don't want to go back. Never want another phone. And the price is fantastic. For the first attempt at a phone Amazon nailed it. They need to start making them again Love this phone!!!!
Brilliant Love this phone! I love my kindle fire and this blends them seamlessly. I could geek out about this forever. If you like a kindle fire, you will love the phone. This is not an i phone, just like the fire is not an i pad. Do not buy this looking for the apple product. Buy this knowing that you will get a great phone with a great camera that is an extension of your kindle account. Again, I LOVE IT!!
but I still like this phone and would recommend it because with the ... I have had my two phones about two weeks and have had problems with both the camera and my texting keyboard, but I still like this phone and would recommend it because with the mayday button the problems were fixed
Five Stars I love my fire phone more than my I phone 6
but I absolutely love it. I guess it has fallen through for ... My phone is actually the unlocked version, but I absolutely love it. I guess it has fallen through for Amazon sadly. I think this is the best phone I've ever had. I had to sideload Google play but other than that I have absolutely no complaints. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Maybe I got lucky but my phone is amazing.
Most people don't like this phone Most people don't like this phone. I'm not one of those people. I love my fire phone, it brought a new perspective to me. It is well made, and sturdy. I have had mine for about a year, and it has been more than reliable. Simply put I would buy it again.
Has some very nice features, love the large screen Phone gets very hot,and screen spontaneously cracked.Freezes up when using apps. Can not get google applications. Has some very nice features,love the large screen. Map application works really well. Very nice camera and video.
Maybe I'll get to like it better as time goes on Maybe I'll get to like it better as time goes on. Can't figure out how to save a number I've received as a phone call or text to contacts. Seems to use data like there's an unlimited supply of it. Maybe a little faster than my Verizon 3G Droid phone that died, but since it sucks up data, I'm afraid to find out. Seem to be a lot of dead spots where I'm used to having coverage. Maybe I'll get to like it better as time goes on.
I was pretty excited about this phone but it's limitations are pretty ... I was pretty excited about this phone but it's limitations are pretty frustrating. It's better than the POS I had before, but apps are extremely limited. This product is NOT compatible with Google Play, which was a terrible decision for Amazon with this product. Amazon wants to limit you with this device a LOT and on the whole, I'm dissatisfied with this product. There are generic apps available, but it's unlikely your friends and family will be using the same apps. In addition, their accepted file formats are very limited. This is not nearly as useful as I was hoping for. Originally I had a malfunction with my phone and Amazon did replace it. There were extra fees through the require AT&T provider (despite being promised there wouldn't be) but it was a hassle so I didn't fight hard enough to get them removed. I didn't have a working phone for a bit of time so it wasn't as if I could call about it for a little while. Aside from the fees, Amazon made the replacement easy.
As a Phone it's fine. However there are many times I wanted to ... As a Phone it's fine. However there are many times I wanted to use an app and can't because it is not android compatible. It has some cool features but none that actually are that useful. To me the phone falls short.
Impressed with Fire Smart Phone Generally, I'm impressed. I love the SOS feature. I've had smart phones since they were introduced, and did not realize how helpful that would be. There are a few App available in the Google Store, not offered on the Amazon store. Would highly encourage Amazon to make them interchangeable.
Maybe a Neophyte but I can Handle This Phone and All Its Bells and Whistles! So I'm a SmartPhone Neophyte. Never had one before and have always been too nervous to hold one in my hands before my Amazon Fire landed on my door step on Thursday. I had read everything I could and I felt like I could "turn on the phone". People asked me questions and most, I could answer but a few blew me away but there, I had "Mayday"! My phone had an "App for that"! For questions related to service, ATT was great! (I spoke to Dottie who laughed at my nervousness and helped me so reassuringly!) Mayday helped me with my battery question and Firefly has helped me figure out those "WTF" things that came about. I cannot say how much I love my new gadget! I did my homework and it's paying off! Maybe because I have nothing to compare it to but this is doing everything I need and more! Last year I plunged into Amazon with a Kindle Fire and I'm thrilled my Amazon Fire Phone synched with my Kindle Fire to make life so easy for me!
terrible piece of garbage I had to rewrite this review because I answered a phone call and the phone blanked out and required me to restart. This phone has so many bugs that it will drive you nuts. Even though I will lose a lot of money returning it, I will do so tomorrow. The phone will freeze constantly, the swipes will fail often, the apps are still buggy, and the battery will have to be recharged throughout the day. I love Amazon but I'm really upset over this phone.
Lesson learned..... I was extremely excited when I bought this phone back in April. There were small problems here and there but I thought it was because I was trying to get used to my new phone. I believe I was a sucker for this product because I love Amazon. Very disappointed and annoyed that I have to buy another phone already!
From an iPhone owner It is so difficult for me to understand why Amazon was forced to discontinue the Fire phone. In my opinion, the Fire phone is perhaps the best Android-based smart phone in the market. If you ever hold one in your hand and use it for a day, you know what I mean. I used many Android devices before, including some phone from Motorola and Samsung and nothing ever come as close. I initially got the unlocked Fire phone on a lightning special deal for my upcoming trips oversea, but came to really like it after a couple of weeks. Fire phone supports ultra-high resolution camera (13MP) and 1080p video way before any smartphone in the same class. High definition 4.7” screen with gorgeous colors. I currently use it as a Wifi Hotspot and back up phone with an awesome TMobile plan, and save $20/month in the process. Couldn’t be happier. Btw, its Hotspot’s performance is at least same or better than my previous Hotspot-specific device from Samsung. You can still connect 5 devices to it at the same time. Since Amazon no longer makes this phone or releases software upgrades, I don’t expect to use it for long. If I can get a couple of years out of it I would be happy. But for now, it is one of the best toys I have! Come on, Amazon!! Make the next Fire phone!! Or at least make a Fire OS version for existing Fire phones while you making one for Fire tablets!
OS Updates have fixed most issues. Operating system and Firmware updates have fixed most of my earlier complaints about this phone. I can't tell you if the proximity detection is fixed, since I don't dare put a screencover back on it and risk not being able to answer the phone again. I will just have to live with it and hope Amazon was right in their faith with the Gorilla glass not needing any extra protection. 2 week update The longer I have it the more issues I have and software updates seem to bring more problems than they fix. I can not remember ever being so disgusted with a phone's performance after just 2 weeks, that I am actually thinking about paying the penalty to return it . I need to rescind my statement that this was at least a good mini tablet for watching Amazon Prime, since with the last software update, the prime video app will no longer open ( Netflix works great though and will now stream from fire phone to any of our Tivo, Roku boxes) , and since it is a built in OS app I can not even uninstall/reinstall it to see if that would fix it. There is good reason they pay you $250 ( $99 free year of prime , $25 amazon coin for app , $150 from AT&T for adding another line) to beta test this phone for them. It seems the "no way to disable the screen shutting off during a call" was an intentional feature , since the screen detects any screen protector as your cheek if you are on a call. It is nice of Amazon to put so much faith in their Gorilla Glass that they make it so you can not use a screen protector with their phone. Yes I have the official Amazon approved screen protector, the same style I have used on my SG4 and am 100% positive have saved me many a busted screen. On the bright side the hotspot streaming was put to the test yesterday and worked flawlessly all day, once I found the setting to stop it from going into battery save and shutting off every 15-30 minutes. If you are in the market for a better than free phone, then go ahead and get yourself a firephone. If you are looking for a nice high end alleged $500 phone, than stick with an HTC or Galaxy and stay as far away from these one off of a one off phones as you can. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *********************************************************************************************************** If you are looking for a 4G mini tab to watch videos on while on the go, than by all mean go ahead and get yourself a fire phone. However if you actually use your phone for strange things like actually making phone calls, than you should really consider sticking with a more experienced brand like Samsung or dare I say Apple. While Amazon's fire OS may be great for their Fire HD tablets and I have no issues there, they really missed the mark when they attempted to bring it to a phone.If they had actually left it alone and the phone actually had the same UI I would've been a lot happier. I have had my Fire phone for almost 2 weeks, and I have yet to figure out how to not have the screen shut off during a phone call, this is a MAJOR FLAW when I need to actually access the keypad to enter an extension number or even disconnect a call because the person did not answer, I am finished leaving a voicemail. The tip the phone, flip your wrist to access the menus may be a great gimmick, but is useless in real world application, give me back my menu button, allow me to just go back to me previous app without having to hit the sole (home) button and reopening it, even if it does reopen to where I left off. Open a link in an email, swipe to go back, no you do not go back to your email, you go back to the previous page in the browser history at the link you clicked in your email yesterday. While the "virtual 3d" HDX display is great for watching Amazon Prime movies, it does not play well with a lot of games, even those purchased and loaded through Amazon App store. Several of my games just keep bouncing around ,zooming in/out making them impossible to play on the phone, these are not high def games, these are just simple games like Despicable me and Megapolis. If switching from Android with Google+ games to Fire OS beware that Amazon games will not import or allow you to sync your Google+ game ID, so you will be forced to start over again ,or keep your old tablet/phone just for your old games, even if the game is available to play in Amazon.
Giving Up The Fire Phone. Just bought an iPhone As much as I love Amazon and will continue to be a loyal customer, the Fire Phone was a complete disaster. I'm sad to say that a couple hours ago I logged into my AT&T account and spent a bunch of money buying an iPhone 6 before my AT&T Next plan expired. With as many glitches as this phone has, there hasn't been an O.S. update since December. All I can think about that is that sales have really flopped and this phone never came anywhere near what we expected. Really wish this would have gone better. The phone sucks for business professionals. I hate to say, but I cannot take it anymore. ---- I initially gave the Fire Phone 4 stars. I wish I still could. I would if the phone phone worked. However, the phone is glitch laden. Really, truly glitch laden. My word! It's horrible at this point and Amazon has not put out an O.S. update since August 8th. Please, please, please issue an O.S. update to fix all the glitches. It's horrible and non-usable at this point. My issues: 1) Cannot talk outbound unless I have my blue tooth. I can hear the caller on the other end just fine, but they cannot hear me. Reported the problem like 3 weeks ago, but still no resolution and supposedly they want to replace my phone, but I've been hearing that for a week and a half now, and still nothing. Really sick of wearing my blue tooth until 10:00 p.m. every night in case somebody calls. 2) Freezes. A lot. Everything. 3) Touchscreen. Often have to touch the screen 10 or 15 times for the screen to work. 4) Can't open or accept Outlook Calendar invites. Really, Amazon? Business professionals on the move rely upon their phone being able to open and accept the standard Outlook Calendar invite. 5) Hot. Not just warm, but hot. Sometimes I have to take the phone out of my business casual pants front pocket because it's burning my leg. Not tight blue jeans or anything. Nice loose business pants and my leg is burning. 6) Battery life. I think it should be described as battery dead. I love Amazon and I really want to like this phone. However, it simply doesn't work. I can't even talk on my phone. Amazon, please help. Please help fast so I don't have to go back to my iPhone. After having the phone for about 24 hours now, I do think it represents the exact opposite of everything that I've learned to dislike about iOS over the last few years. As far as I'm concerned, the Fire Phone truly kicks the iPhone's tail end. My concerns about easily getting my contacts, iTunes music, etc. from my iPhone to the Fire Phone were quickly put to rest. The process was easy, a couple quick calls to Mayday, and I've just about got everything setup. The other reviewers are correct, the phone does operate warm. The battery also seems to consume power about 1/3 quicker than the iPhone 5. I went to bed last night with a 97% charge on the battery. I woke up 6 hours later with a 94% charge. Perhaps with software updates, Amazon can streamline whatever processes are happening in the background that drain the battery quicker than other phones. A software update may also be able to help with the warmth. My only other minor complaint is not being able to organize / alphabetize my bookmarks. The dynamic perspective is cool. I won't use it a ton, but it will get some use on my phone . . . my kids will love it. I really like the hand gestures and being able to scroll just by tilting the phone back. There are plenty of Apps for what I need, and the mail App quickly and easily connected to my corporate IMAP mail server. The processor is definitely an upgrade for me. The phone is fast. Very happy so far. I would have given 5 starts except for the battery. But I have a car charger so I'm not worried about not being able to make it through a whole day. So for all the critics of the last few weeks giving the phone low marks, I think they're all wrong. I think the phone will do a ton more than just directing people to buy things off of Amazon.com. Yes, it make Amazon shopping easier, but it's a great phone as well. Not a perfect phone, but great. Great job by Amazon on their first release. It will only get better.
The customer service through mayday was amazing. They tried everything they could This phone has way to many problems, right out of the box it did not work. The customer service through mayday was amazing. They tried everything they could. Hopefully the replacement they send me is functional or i will definitley stick with samsung galaxy phone.
There are features of the phone that I love, but I have problems receiving text from others ... There are features of the phone that I love, but I have problems receiving text from others that have iphones. There were also some issues with learning to navigate through the phone. It frequently will redial phone numbers, although I have tried to hang up. I love the kindle feature. The camera is very good also. Overall I am pleased and feel that the issues I have will eventually work out.
Great 1st Generation... We will miss it. This was an amazing phone, especially considering it was 1st generation and for the price it also include a Prime membership. I hope Amazon gets back into this business, and considers making it more open to Android services.
Maybe if they tweak and create a tablet..... I had the Amazon Fire phone for less than a day before I returned it, and settled on an HTC One. I had been drawn in to the Fire because of Firefly, the Prime membership extension, and the ability to get my free monthly ebook and watch free tv/movies. The dedicated camera launch button was a plus. Dynamic Perspective was a let down. The gestures to fliip it from side to side to view menus got to be complicated, and they had to be done "just so". I wasn't super impressed with the camera anymore so than my old Samsung Galaxy. The speakers being on the ends didn't do anything for me, either. I'm much happier with the speaker placement on the HTC One. The Big Brother-esque intrusion on Twitter and Facebook made me not hook it up through the embedded options; it would let Amazon read & use your content. So because I chose to use the standalone apps, I couldn't get decent notifications. The lack of Google was the big con for me. I didn't realize how much I relied on Google services. The mapping app included is utter s***. It didn't locate stores that I know have been down the street for many years. And the mapping service thought I was a whole town over. Sure you can plug in your gmail to the native email app, but it wasn't as userfriendly to me as the Gmail app. The carousel ended up being more annoying than useful. The inability to remove/move native apps from the front home screen was super annoying. I tried to justify keeping it. I'd been so stupidly sure that I'd love it, that I sold my Kindle. So if I got rid of the Fire phone, I would have no ability to watch free tv/movies on the go, and would lose my monthly free book. But I really scrutinized the tv/movies, and found nothing I'd want to watch. I'm much happier with the HTC One. I'd moved from a Samsung Galaxy S3 to the Fire Phone to the HTC One. Having the HTC One in my hands felt like "home", it was much easier to use, more intuitive.
Very Pleased My wife switched from the I Phone 4s to Fire phone. At first we were confused about how to use it, but we had used I Phones for a few years. The I Phones operating problems, I Tunes and customer service are very lacking. After a few weeks of using the Fire phone we are so pleased that I ordered myself one today. I you run into a problem press the May Day button and you get live video support immediately. (Very Impressed). The sound system is superior to I Phone. Check it out.
Pass. Battery life very poor and mail client stalls Hardware is nice and the screen is gorgeous, however the native mail client is clunky and stalls frequently. The battery seems to drain rapidly lasting only 4-5hours... This is a huge problem and will hinder most people from keeping the phone. Native apps have reduced functionality, such as the audible app you cannot control play back speed and the kindle app doesn't have setting for night time reading. The amazon App Store is also missing key business apps such as Microsoft office apps, and you don't have access to the google play App Store.
Best Phone I Ever Owned! Best phone ever. I love everything about the fire phone. I have owned several kinds of cell phones going back to the early 1990's with a bag phone. The fire phone lets me do everything I want to do. Check emails, text messages and the best feature is the taking and receiving pictures. Picture taking is my hobby and I own several expensive cameras. The fire phone camera takes pictures just like those expensive cameras and now I do not have to carry all the extra heavy equipment. I love my fire phone and I am so happy I choose this phone and will be back when I need to purchase a new phone. Thank Amazon for a great product but nothing new there, I love everything about Amazon and it is my go to place to purchase anything from soup to nuts!
Mom wanted an easy to use smartphone to upgrade her phone Mom wanted an easy to use smartphone to upgrade her phone. She loves her kindle fire so much that I decided to get her the fire phone. So far she is raving about it. She loves the quick menus that slide out and adapt to what she is doing. Her only complaint is that she can't change the text size and maybe color in messaging. We discovered the accessibility option to magnify but it would be nice to be able to just change the text size. That and the limits on available apps are the only things keeping this from five stars. Great job for a first try at a phone.
Amazon fire in Colombia! I am so happy with my phone I'm Colombian! And this phone nobody has it here, some friends that have seen it they have said what amazing it is! Works well that many Androids I have bought in the past, I am not fan of iPhone like so many people so this was a good investment I'm sure I won't regret. Thanks Amazon!
Very Disappointed! I have had this for over a year, initially I thought it was an OK phone. I have come to learn that is not. The battery life is terrible and it will just shutdown and restart who knows why. The Bluetooth is useless for playing music from your device. It will skip and makes it impossible to enjoy. I used the Amazon SOS to try and get help also useless. I can't believe no one else has this problem. I will never buy another one of these phones. I had to go back to my 6 year old BlackBerry to use for music play on it Bluetooth. Well the software upgrade on 5/25/16, I thought had corrected problem with Bluetooth. But I was wrong not as bad as it once was but still there. Seems to get worse the longer you use it. The battery life still poor. I had hoped since it had been about a year since software upgrade that they had actually fixed problems but No! Still when my contact is up will not get another Fire Phone. This is my third review.
This is a fantastic phone! I just LOVE this phone! I was so hesitant based on so many reviews, but my husband pointed out that many of these reviewers are techno geeks that are probably so invested in Apple and Samsung that I should not use their reviews to make my decision. I am glad I listened to him (this time!). This is a great phone and it instantly synced with all my apps, books, music, etc. that I had on my Kindle Fire.
Interesting... I give this phone 3.5 stars, but generously rounding up to 4. I purchased the 64GB Fire Phone sealed box and factory unlocked off EBay. The reason why I purchased it was to have a temporary stop-gap after accidentally damaging my old 64GB iPhone 5S. I had purchased the 5S a few years prior directly from the Apple Store at full price for factory unlocked. My plan was to use the Amazon Fire Phone until I put enough aside to purchase a new iPhone then selling off the Amazon Fire Phone. I was planning on getting an iPhone 6S, however when the iPhone SE was released I went with a 64GB iPhone SE. I'm deeply into Apple's ecosystem (also in Amazon's ecosystem, but not as deeply). I've been very happy with the SE, but couldn't bring myself to sell of the Amazon Fire Phone as it had grown on me. I was able to do some very cool stuff with the Amazon Fire Phone. To start off with it is very easy to install the Google Play Store on the Fire Phone. Through Android third party apps, was able to have synchronization with my iCloud (Apple) calender, contacts, etc. Apple Music, which I subscribe to, is also available. The only major Apple-centric thing that I did not have was iMessage. Note that it is possible to install a near stockish vanilla Android on the Fire Phone (Google and YouTube CyanogenMod). However, I elected to keep Fire OS on it, along with Google Play Store and Google libraries, in order to get hybrid both worlds (Amazon and Google). I'm an Amazon Prime customer so also take advantage of Amazon Music, Video, books, etc. XBMC (Kodi) also runs nicely on the Fire Phone, which is pretty cool. I have an Amazon Fire Stick as well and lots of things nicely integrate between my Fire Phone and TV. Sure, the whole dynamic perspective thing is gimmicky (I turned it off to better preserve battery life), but the Amazon Fire Phone served its purpose for me well and I can't bring myself to part with it.
great phone! great phone,takes the best pics ever,video is awesome,has everything the kindle fire hd has,so its easy to learn to use..mine came already programmed,just added apps i wanted on it..crystal clear talking,not muffled like my "other smartphone"..i love mayday,used it twice ..immediate service..cust.service helped me out where i got stuck and no attitude...i did our entire grocery list by voice,and now my hubby wants one,and he,s a techie so thats a big compliment to amazon...really enjoying it,thanks!
Needs some help, but what new phone doesn't!? Overall, great phone! I purchased my phone directly through AT&T and received it yesterday afternoon. Upon pulling it out of the box and playing around with the cool features, I was pleasantly surprised on how many neat features this phone has! I did not and still have not had any issues with flicking my wrist to pull up the side menus like others have said. It works great for me. They do say to "flick" your wrist, not "casually move your wrist to the side". I was a little disappointed in the battery life though. I was opening every app yesterday, downloading things and just playing around in general, so I assumed that's why my battery was going so quickly, but then today I noticed the same issue. I immediately e-mailed them inside the help section and got a response immediately about an update that I was unaware of. This update is supposed to fix the battery issue. I honestly even can't complain about the battery too much because my previous iPhone 4 (that I owned for about a year) had terrible battery life after the first few months! Also, I have not had an issue with my phone being hot to the touch and I used it constantly for a few hours last night trying to figure it all out. I tried out the firefly features on a song and a book and it worked perfectly both times! This phone is different than what I'm used to. I was an iPhone user for over 4 years, so some things will take some getting used to, but that's to be expected. There IS a way to close the apps running in the background. I've seen a lot of complaining about this. Go to your carousel, hold your finger down over the icon in your carousel and a drop down box will appear, and you can remove it from your carousel from there. Simple, but I figured that out on my own. One thing I really miss is being able to take a screen shot. Now, since I only got my phone yesterday, I don't know if this option is available or not, but I have not been able to figure it out. I haven't contacted mayday about it because it's not a huge issue and I'm not going to bother those people for a simple question. If I have to contact them for any other reason, I will ask about that. Apps...I am a bit disappointed in the selection of apps available. This is a brand new phone though, and as fast as they seem to be moving to improve things, I expect that many apps will appear available very quickly! One that I use often is NCP. I am a National Consumer Panel member. You simply use an app to scan your purchases and ear points towards rewards. NCP has an agreement with AT&T, so as an active member, I save money on my cell phone bill. I'm not sure why this app is unavailable, but I will be contacting someone reguarding this issue so I can continue my membership with them. Overall, I believe this is an amazing phone and if people would give it a little bit of time, I think they would realize that amazon is working quickly to resolve a lot of issues. Just like any BRAND NEW phone, it's going to have some issues and kinks that need to be worked out. I am tired of seeing all these reviews that didn't even give the phone a chance. If time goes on (and by time I mean months) and this phone doesn't improve or gets worse, i will edit my review to let others know, but I believe in amazon! I have been an amazon prime mom member for about 6 months now, but I have been an amazon fan for years now. I have a 3 year old daughter that is 11 months older than my twin boys. My husband works a lot of long hours, so getting out to shop isn't easy for me. Amazon has been an incredible convenience for me and my family! I will stand by this company's side! Their customer service has always been incredible and they deserve the benefit of the doubt!!
Overall, enjoying the phone! Overall, I like the phone. It's size and shape is perfect. It takes gorgeous pictures!! But, it can use some improvements on some features. In texting, it doesn't offer another language (you would have to change your settings completely), the apps selections are limited, and there are other small things I have yet to figure out. But, their feature of getting help immediately from a live person is awesome.
Intrusive Amazon apps Update: Ok now I really dislike this phone. I thought I could reduced my stars, but apparently I had already given it one star. It is really sad when Amazon does not care if their own phone can support Amazon Underground. That is really sad. This was my first smart phone and I choose poorly. I will have to look into a refurbished android since this is under contract until next year. If Amazon has given up than I have too. I looked forward to the app of the day and now I can not even do that according the person I spoke with. I loved my Fire phone. To me it was the minivans of phones. Ok that is not attractive at all, but I am a mom and I shop a lot on Amazon and my kids and I love(d) my kindle so this seemed like a good next step for me. I did not have another smart phone before this so there is not a lot I miss from other providers since I have not looked a lot on Googles or Apple apps site to see what I could have had. This being said I loved my phone until their apps starting taking center stage on my carousel. I do not mind having Amazon shopping apps on my phone because I have just decided to hide the ones I do not use in a collection for apps I do not want. What has broken the camels back is the the music app from Amazon has taken on a mind of its own and is constantly on my carousel and I have to keep removing it. I have been told this is a feature of this app which does not look like it will be changed any time soon. This was not the case until the last week or so. I woke up one morning and there it was and there is has remained despite removing it several times a day. This is where I draw the line. I do not Amazon apps I do not care about front and center on my carousel. I have a contract so I guess I have another year and a half to see what other items they decided I need to see every day. I am a afraid of what is to come in the next year and a half. Will other apps show up which are permanent figures on my carousel? Am I only going to be able to have Amazon apps on my carousel? I would have given the phone 4 stars based on how I use it and the features I purchased it for but I am glad I waited to write my review. If this feature is permanent this may be my last Fire phone.
Amazing phone for the price. Not without caveats, but you'll love it. Received as a gift, and I'm very happy with it. Free year of amazon prime (stacks with existing subscription) effectively cuts the price by $100 for anyone inclined to use prime and coming up on the end of their prime subscription -- Makes this phone an absolute bargain. All the buttons are on the opposite side compared to every other phone I've ever owned. Weird, and ergonomically annoying. Tech specs are impressive, and net-net they give the phone a superior responsiveness. 32GB of storage (mine is the lower, 64GB is available) is a ton. No microsd expansion, but you probably won't need it. Dynamic Perspective lock screen is a tad gimmicky, but really shows off advanced phone capabilities. The home page features the "Carousel" navigation style, is attractive. Scrolling through apps one at a time is super-tedious and it requires a fair bit of curating to keep it from being unusable. The "alternate" home page (app grid) is everything you'd want from that type of interface The camera is good. Hardware camera button makes it very accessible, but unfortunately I bump it too frequently doing other things with the phone and the camera mode constantly interrupts me. Especially because the buttons are on the wrong side of the phone. Integration with other data (mail, calendar, etc) is flawless. Amazon App store is awesome with tons of free apps. However, it took a little effort to get Google Apps installed. Lots of mainstream android apps are not available through amazon store (e.g. Bank of America's mobile app, BubbleUPNP). Gets hot-to-the-touch sometimes. Not sure why. Update: Docking stars. OTG adapters don't work on this phone. Hunting around forums online, it's clear that Amazon intentionally disabled this from base Android for malicious reasons. It makes me slightly angrier about the lack of MicroSD expansion. Seems that the device has been intentionally hacked to break Netflix/Youtube integration with Chromecast from apps that support Chromecast. Device also seems (once again, intentionally, maliciously) to interfere with license checks on Google Play Store apps -- which is infuriating because a LOT of really cool apps don't exist in Amazon Marketplace (like most "old game console" emulators). In fact, the range of "amazon customizations" that have been made exclusively to disable Android features is staggering.
Honesty time for something new. I only got to play with one for a day and I can't wait until mine comes in unfortunately from ebay. I'm so sick about hearing about Google's apps, yes they are plentiful but let's be honest you know the ones people can't seem to live without are not important to everyone. Every new os platform that comes out can not be judged by how the app selection compares to Android or apple... Just go buy one of them and be happy. But for the rest of us something different is refreshing. Windows dropped the ball buckling under the pressure to be like you know who. Amazon don't bend to the haters. Do your thing! A new model with Alexa and Please don't get rid of dynamic viewing will definitely get my money. Ya love android? I can't tell you ya wrong but I like this one and will not be made to think I am. To each his own... But I'll see when I get a week with it if the hate is justified
it would be nice if they could do one last update which would ... Now that Amazon has abandoned this phone, it would be nice if they could do one last update which would allow Google apps on the phone. I thought I could work within the limitations of this phone, but I was wrong. Thank goodness I spent less than fifty dollars on this thing.
Love It I bought this phone for my wife and chose it because of her Amazon affiliation. Her first smart phone so she had no addiction to google or anything else out in cyberworld. She has loved that phone and I have been really impressed with the ease of use and photo quality. To me it's much more user friendly than my Android based phone. Been a real hit in my house!
This is a great phone, period Ok, I have read some of the 1 star reviews and you people are nuts. This is a great phone, period, and I have had mine for over a year. It shoots better video than my actual digital camera and I shoot a lot of videos. I like it better than my husband's IPhone and yes I love everything about Amazon so having those services, i.e., my books, watching movies, shopping are awesome. There is not one thing about this phone that I personally dislike but I'm not interested in using my phone as a mini computer for gaming or surfing. With that said, I have used to for the GPS, have used it for reading books and streaming HULU or Netflix and it works better than my ASUS tablet, that I sent back to ATT. I love the screen savers with all the animation. It loads my Facebook page with no problem and I love how many options you have to navigate by swiping here, there and everywhere. I have loaded my CBS app to watch television with no issues, my Spotify with no issues and it downloads and stores all my playlists and plays back all the music. This phone does so much that I won't trade until there is another version but it's the first time I've been so happy with a phone that I could care less about upgrading. Those of you spoiled babies who gave it less than 5 stars just need to purchase a tablet for all the things you really want to do. Speaking of tablets, my older Kindle Fire outperforms that new ASUS MeMo tablet so I have no desire to knock Amazon's products or services. My only issue is that Amazon outsources to Manilla for customer service, which is horrible. However, all you have to do is demand a US rep and those guys and gals are great. Also, they seem to know how to transfer back to the US much better than other companies that outsource, like Dell. I have nothing but good things to say about our US Amazon representatives but not overseas people who can't understand our American wants, needs, desires or cannot construct a proper sentence. This is a great phone and I haven't had one single issue with it as of yet. I can't say that about my prior Samsung phones or my Iphone 5s (which I gave up for this phone) or any of my prior droid phones. I'm a real review and love Amazon.com.
The best phone I have ever owned! I have always liked slider phones because of the capability to type fast. This phone has exceeded my expectations in so many ways! I can't understand why everyone isn't switching from the iPhone to the Amazon Fire! This phone has the capability of recognizing any music or television show. It also offers hand free scrolling to shop with such ease, and it ties you into your Amazon account with free Prime! It just doesn't get better!
I just love this phone I just love this phone!! I cannot go to Google, but I use my Laptop for that instead. I was second guessing myself after I read the reviews on-line. I needed a new phone, so AT&T helped me out with this one. Each day at first, everyone had to check out the screen saver. Too bad there are not more to see. Overall it is an awesome phone 5 stars =^.^=
overall very pleased with the form overall very pleased with the form, size and functionality... I loved that when i turned it on it already had my amazon accounts of Audible with all my books there as well as in my kindle app all the purchases were there. I was very pleased with how easy it was to transfer my music from iTunes to the Amazon Music. The keyboard is very responsive and easy to type correctly on! much better than the Samsung Galaxy or the iPhone. there are just a couple of things that could be better. the voice recognition is not nearly as good as on the Galaxy S5 and the way it deletes messages in your mailbox is not nearly as fluid a the Galaxy but at the same time better then the iPhone. overall it is a great phone and my current favorite out of the iPhone5S and the Galaxy S5.
So far, so good... I got this on July 24. So far it seems like a really good phone. Good signal strength, even in the black hole of cell reception that is my neighborhood. Voice quality is clear, phone is extremely responsive, gorgeous display and seems to be of quality construction. It's thin and light. It is a bit light on features, and I hope to see more customization via apps later, but as a phone it performs very well. No regrets here.
I am disappointed, I had no idea that I could not ... I am disappointed, I had no idea that I could not purchase/download any google apps, I also had a very difficult time transferring my contact list. and other information. However, I am pleased with having all of my kindle apps, books and prime features on my phone. The camera is awesome. ....
has a few problems, but great phone There are a few things that need to be worked on, like the fact that if I'm on my phone on someone calls it does not ring, or show I have a missed call until I click on the phone app and when I'm talking on the phone and have a case on I can't get the screen to come on to do anything until the other person hangs up. Also when I tap the home button to turn my screen on I have to hit it multiple times before it will come on. But other than that I love it
Unable to download many apps I pre-ordered this phone. I am such a huge Amazon fan that I didn't think twice about which new phone I was getting when I saw these coming out. Now I've had it for about 8 months and I am already considering another phone. The features this phone has are great. I love FireFly, the pictures and storage are wonderful, but there are too many apps I cannot load. I moved from an iPhone so I knew that I wasn't going to have as many options but it is getting to a point where there are more things I can't load than can. My bank apps, my Square app for my business, even the blue tooth isn't as good as my iPhone. I will probably pass the phone on to my young daughter who will love it, but it just isn't working well for me.
All around great phone, no complaints so i love it. Not saying its the best cause i havnt tried them all but its great for me! this phone has some pretty great audio, which is a big deal for me cause I use music as an alarm clock and waking up to good sound is a definite plus. The camera really is great and makes every picture look like you tried 20 times and picked the best one, so that saves a lot of time for social media. The dynamic view whatever is pretty innovative and cool too, i hope they find a way to implement this into video games and 3d movies and other 3d games too making it one step closer to virtual reality. I do think you should buy a case for this phone but as with anything beautiful and glass it is always good to protect it. A free year with amazon prime is awesome cause i love it and will probably get a new phone in a year anyways. The firefly thing is cool but not for phone numbers cause thats easy enough to just type in yourself but the fact it saves it with contact info does save you some time which is always good cause the less time you have to point your phone at things in public the better i think anyways.
Skeptic turned Fire Fan I was a little skeptical at first and while it does take some getting used to it's proof that change can be a good thing!! Before this phone I only wanted LG phones, I must say Amazon stands up to its reputation. I love my fire phone and won't be trading it in unless it's to upgrade the same brand! :)
This phone has made my phone life a nightmare for a year now. Figured out it was the phone too late. First off, I get full bars and LTE 4 G where I live. Phone will randomly not receive calls and texts for HOURS and you will have no idea until they flood in all at once. I previously had a Samsung Galaxy for many glorious years and it never, ever stopped receiving texts or calls. I've missed some very important texts and call, including invitations for job interviews, calls from my child's school, family emergency's, etc. I have spent SO much time and money trying to fix this phones issue. I've spent the last year convinced, by Amazon customer service, that it was the provider and NOT them. False, it's been the phone all along. And because customer service convinced me of that for so long, I have $400 down the drain (my husband and I both bought phones, they both stop getting calls and texts for HOURS). I've switched providers THREE times. Changed phone numbers once, my husband twice. Factory reset twice.Customer service replaced phone once, it did not change a thing. Replaced the cover, took off the cover. Took it on trips, stayed at home. So much and nothing changes. It does not get calls or texts consistently. Customer service has had me alter so many settings, i lost track of how much I've had to do. I alter a setting, they have me call back later. Then alter another setting, have me call back later. Over and over. Finally, a rep at At&t told me they've gotten complaints that this phone has a reputation for this. Huh. Love that Amazon customer service failed to mention this. I called Amazon once and for all, and we had exhausted all the options that they could do to try and fix this ridiculous phone. But guess what? My phone's warranty just expired the beginning of this month! My husband's phone hasn't expired yet so they said all they could do was send a new one. Yay! Trading worthless junk for another piece of worthless junk. To make matters worse, the man on the phone did not speak very good English so we could not understand each other. I hate to say it, but I gave up. I've wasted too much time on this thing. Lesson learned. Gah.
A+ Camera Phone What I like (Aug 4 updated review): 1. One of my primary reasons for getting the Fire Phone was the camera and associated unlimited free Amazon Cloud storage for pictures taken with it. Last week, I took the Fire along on vacation to test its camera. The battery lasted a long time and the photos are very good. For example, I took 530 photos at the Chicago Botanic Garden, using about 80% of the battery charge. I shot 350 photos at Chicago's Field Museum, using about 65% of the battery charge. I tire before the Fire's battery does. The pictures are quite good, especially when photographing objects. Landscapes with bright skies tend to be underexposed, but the pictures are easily corrected in photo apps. I took a lot of pictures, about 1,350 over five days, and they uploaded to the cloud every evening when I had good Wi-Fi connections at hotels or at home. I can now access the pictures on my Kindle, iPad Air and my PC using companion Amazon Cloud apps. The Fire Phone camera isn't going to replace my big Nikon for serious photography, but it's a decent supplement. 2. The Fire Phone is quick and has an excellent display. Maps, including the ability to show "what's around here" restaurants, etc. by tilting the screen are fantastic. I like the 3D potential. 3. Other than photos, my most used apps are for news, weather and mail. My favorite news app, Flipboard with a link to my New York Times account, is fluid. The NY Times also displays beautifully in the Silk browser. I prefer getting and managing my Gmail on the Fire Phone to using the actual Gmail app. There are many good weather apps with the same functionality as my other i-Devices. 4. Phone and text functions work well. 5. I like the free access movies and music albums via Amazon Prime. I'm looking forward to connectivity to the Fire TV unit, which I have ordered. 6. The Fire Phone has a good selection of apps. What I want but can't find at the Amazon store, I'll find on other devices. Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, and Google all offer great products and software. I use them all and am happy to add the Amazon Fire Phone to the mix. Minor Cons: 1. There is a little dust between the rear camera lens and the glass back. It doesn't appear to degrade the photos, but I'm annoyed that I can't get at it. 2. There is some incompatibility between the Fire Phone and my car audio. Music streams fine over the blue-tooth connection, but voice directions from a third-party GPS app do not.
BIGGEST MISTAKE I'VE MADE IN A LONG TIME! I got my Fire Phone the day it was released. I was so excited -- I own three Kindles -- the original, the first Kindle Fire and the Kindle Fire HD. I still actively use the last two and love them. I was sure I would love the phone as well. I should have listened to family and friends who urged me to wait, but I told them Kindle would not let me down. So much for trust! The phone itself - for making/receiving calls and texts and email - is just fine. I am SO, SO, SO disappointed in the lack of freedom I have over the display, the ringtones, etc., etc. But, my BIGGEST complaint is the lack of apps I can use!!!!! Very few of the apps I was so used to having cannot be used on the Fire Phone! These are not obscure apps - these are VERY common apps that most people use! I bought groceries using the Scan-&-Go app from Wal-Mart. Can't even get WAL-MART at all!!! Can't get my favorite restaurants. Can't get Sam's Club, which means I can forget renewing prescriptions with my phone. Our Autism class at the junior high where I work, uses the Shopparoo App for fundraising. Nope, can't get that either. I look at the App Store and mostly there are stupid games and apps no one has ever heard of or even want. The saddest part is that I am STUCK for two years before I can get an upgrade! I don't have the money to just buy another phone. I sent in a complaint to Amazon, but all I got was a reply (sort of) addressing the ringtone and display issue. Not even a mention of the App problem. I guess the best I can do is to warn others against buying this phone.
help The phone is great, love it. But when I get a call or try to call someone, the screen goes to sleep and I can't end access the screen and do anything, and I'm just wondering if it's a settings thing that I can change, or is it a update thing where the developers can fix it.
Piece of garbage The app store is a joke. You have to go through the browser for YouTube. No app! Phone freezes all the time. The mic is apparently tiny because if I'm not holding the phone perfectly nobody can hear me. The final straw was traveling out of state on vacation and the SIM card disappears off the network leaving me stranded without a working phone. I work for ATT and was given this phone as my company phone not by choice. Amazon should be ashamed of themselves.
loooove it I have been an iPhone girl since iPhones came out but decided to try the fire phone and have to say that I am in love! The keyboard is tons better. Love firefly. Auto correct is better. The fire phone is super user friendly, the one time I tried to switch to an android I couldn't figure out in 2 weeks! I had this phone down pat in 30 minutes! The camera is great. I love everything about this phone so far.
Baby Let me light your Fire It is a wonderful piece of equipment. Just requires a lot of studying to know how to use it. But it has already gotten me out of a few tough spots. Having the MayDay button for tech support is heavenly. I received outstanding service at the AT&T store where I purchased it. I believe the agents name was Jose
One Star Bad very bad. Play Store? :/
Every day I use my new Fire Phone I get a little more excited about the device, an excitement I never experienced with my previo About 2 weeks ago my husband bought me the new Amazon Fire Phone to replace my iPhone. At first I was a little hesitant as I had tried multiple android devices before and usually gave up after 5 minutes, unable to figure out simple functions or unable to trace apps in the chaos. In the meantime I just love my Fire Phone and have been recommending to many of my friends and co-workers. Fire Phone Highlights: Fire Phone OS 3.5: To my surprise the Fire Phone's android based OS is awesome: user friendly, intuitive with a clean and refreshed look. I like the adoption of the carousel technology which allows quick access to your most frequently or most recently used applications with a nice preview on the bottom. It really makes things (such as email) so much more efficient, effective and accessible. FireFly: Music recognition with a click on the button is unsurpassed. No need for long google sessions retrieving that one song you heard while doing shopping. 1 click of the button tells you in no time the song title, album,...I will use this new feature a lot! Navigation: In contrast with a number of reviews, I find navigating very intuitive. I just went through the 2 minute Fire tutorial and was totally on my way. Amazon cloud for picture storing: In contrast with the iCloud I was up and going in 2 minutes with the Amazon cloud. After 4 years of iphone I still am not able to find my pictures backed up on the iCloud!! Thanks Amazon for keeping things simple.
Needs work on programming. This phone program will not increase the font size. If you are over 40 this can present a problem with reading text messages and using the phone book. Returned phone.
Great choice for Prime members I heard a lot of criticism of the Fire Phone before it was released.comments suggested that the 3D effects were gimmicky and that the phones specs were average and that the entire phone was aimed at selling more Amazon products. So maybe this phone isn't for everyone but for people like me, who are frequent Amazon users, it is the perfect phone. I am not spending all my time on the internet shopping on Amazon.in fact I have not used the firefly button except to figure out how it works. But I do own a kindle and I do have an Amazon Prime membership. The phone helps me stay connected with my content. I prefer to read on my Kindle but if I'm out and about, I can read on my phone. I can add to my music queue or my television watch list from either device.I love it. And I am also very pleased with the camera. I was recently blessed with a new granddaughter, which means lots of pictures and sharing.I believe my phone took the clearest, brightest pictures. Better than the Kodak camera and my daughter's htc one. About the price: $200 is a premium price for a phone. But at the time I purchased the phone, I got an extra year of Amazon Prime and an upgrade from the 16 GB model to the 32GB model. I'm not sure I'd have paid the$200 otherwise, but I'm glad I didn't have to make that decision. I'm VERY happy with this phone.
... that I cannot download but over all its a pretty great phone I like it and recommend it It's a different operating system than I am used to and there are a few apps that I cannot download but over all its a pretty great phone I like it and recommend it.
This phone did not work for me My previous phone was an iPhone 4S. I purchased this phone from the ATT store on Friday and returned it on Monday. The phone looks and functions like the tablet. I really tried to like this phone but too many setbacks so back to the iPhone I go. I had to pay a $35 restocking fee which I was ok with. I returned this phone for several reasons. 1) This OS is not supported through my job so I was not able to connect to my work email or calendar. I store my personal contacts as well as my personal events on my work PC. So, that’s email, contacts and calendar that I no longer have access to easily. 2) The Amazon app store does not contain two apps that I use with household items (nanny cam, programmable thermostat). I would no longer be able to control or view these devices using my phone. That was a really big inconvenience for me. 3) I did not like the email display. It’s hard to distinguish between read and unread messages. The only difference is the subject line is bold or unbolded. It was also difficult to switch between email accounts before figuring it out. 4) I do not like the Internet Browser. 5) The last straw for me was not being able to get my contacts to transfer to this phone. I tried the transfer app with minor luck. I then took the phone into the store and was told that I would have to manually key in 130 contacts. I also was not able to transfer my videos. I did get my pictures to transfer but they were not in date order. They were placed randomly into the new phone which kind of bothered me. This is a nice phone for people 1) that do not need to connect to their work email or calendar 2) do not have specific apps that they need to use that are not available in the Amazon app store 3) do not read email often 4) not familiar with Smart phones. The Mayday feature is really nice.
i have to say this is the best phone i have ever used Hey everyone, i have to say this is the best phone i have ever used! It is well worth every cent, amazon has put alot of time and effort into creating this beautiful device, it has features you wont ever find on any other phone. Excellent call quality great graphics, and no matter what anyone says, yes you can install google apps, and google playstore on this phone! This phone is extremely fast and fluid. I love it and amazon always has my vote, way to go amazon!!!! thank you
Wasn't receiving calls or texts, freezes up, camera not working, and "best shot" clogging phone with no way to transfer photos. My boyfriend and I each got the fire phone after his iPhone got stolen. We wanted to try something new. There are a lot of cool features on the fire phone, like the firefly and the 3D-movement. However, there are way too many bugs for this to be with your money. This biggest flaw was simply the service. There were so many times where we wouldn't receive important phone calls or texts until we used the phone to call out or text someone. Needless to say, a phone's number one job is to be a phone. If you can't do that, then none of your features even matter. We both ended up getting in trouble at our jobs over missed messages and we had to get rid of it. We both wasted $200 on this thing. So many bugs that when I tried to use simple features such as the camera, it would freeze up and stop working. It also does a thing called "best shot" photo, which I didn't mess around with, yet somehow it ended up taking up so much room on my phone when I looked at the storage info that I couldn't even take pictures. Furthermore, there is no app or any easy way at all to transfer your pictures. I found out you can download something to do this, but it's some obscure app that wouldn't work with my MacBook Pro. So that completely sucked. Clogging my memory with no way to empty my phone easily; the best shot photo storage (whatever that even is) took up more room than my pictures plus everything else combined. The autocorrect was actually pretty good, as well as the voice recognition. The map was pretty awful, and wasn't able to give me any kind of good traffic update: it would say traffic is totally fine, then if I reopened it immediately after it would say traffic was awful and in the red. It was worse when I was already completely stopped on the freeway and it's telling me the freeway isn't backed up at all. Very unreliable. This phone like any has a private browser mode which I get that people like, but it is a little annoying to me since we all know it's only for porn watchers to hide their use from their spouses or significant others or whoever else. Supporting that annoys me, but every phone does that these days so it doesn't set them apart for supporting that junk. It's heavy, but that didn't bother me so much. Apps were basically piggybacking off of android apps, so many of them didn't work well on the phone and many of them actually caused the whole phone to freeze. The phone actually restarted on me a couple times, and other times I had to restart it. It had an option to tilt the phone to scroll, which sounds cool - but I just had to turn it off because it is so sensitive. Anytime I held my phone and moved just slightly it would start scrolling quickly down or up and I would lose my place. Even setting it down, if the surface appeared level but maybe it was slightly off, the phone would randomly start scrolling while sitting on the table. Super annoying. I liked that you could swipe to go back, but since you also swipe to scroll, it caused a lot of problems if you're trying to stay on the page and read. It would freeze on the Internet and sometimes it was really hard just to get any navigation buttons to pop up. Which can be a disadvantage to any phone/screen without many buttons. I do like that this had more buttons. No easy way to switch from vibrate to ringer though which really sucked. One cool feature is that you can set an alarm for a day of the week, but if you don't pay attention that can easily make your alarm not go off if you thought it was set for the next day (especially if you set it around midnight). Calendar worked well, but it was less user friendly than I would have hoped, and you can't set multiple reminders for calendar events :(. Netflix app worked awesome. So that was cool. I loved that you could set the background to change from one moving picture to the next. But this of course was awful on the battery. Even with that off, the battery died so quickly. Luckily the charger was great quality and in my opinion way better than most chargers I have had for any phone. Kudos there. I love Amazon chargers for any device. And it was great to share a charger with my kindle. So overall, the bugs need worked out! It might be an awesome phone one day, but it was a nightmare for me; mainly for the phone service not working no matter how much trouble shooting I did. But also so much freezing and malfunction elsewhere. I don't advise it unless you don't care about malfunction.
like/dislike I've had the Fire 2 1/2 weeks. It has been like/dislike on and off. The phone has a good sound and is pretty easy to navigate. It also takes great pictures. Mayday has been helpful but they too are learning this new phone. The folks at Mayday do know alot more than the instore sales reps. I was very disappointed that the phone does not work with my Nexus 7 contrary to what the sales reps said. (My old Android phone was completely compatible with the Nexus.) Therefore, I'm having to change over to Kindle/Amazon completely as nothing from Playstore or Playbooks transfers over. That said, I am slowly finding apps to replace the Android apps I liked and used and the Fire apps seem to be better. I am not a "techy" person at all so this has been quite a stretch for me. I think in the long run I will like the phone. However, I do hope they will continue to work on new apps and updates I will continue to call Mayday as they are learning the phone much faster than I am and they are very patient with slow learners!.
I miss my phone. I had never owned a "fancy" phone before, due to being a single mom in full time college. I purchased this fire phone last year when it was on sale and I LOVED it! Unfortunately, I only owned it for two months before it was stolen, and Amazon was unable to locate my device. I was heart broken, mostly because ever since, the Fire phone has been unavailable for purchase. Will this be available again? I would love to buy one again! Amazing phone. I especially loved the camera and video quality. As a wildlife biologist, I was very impressed with the quality of photos and videos of animals I was able to capture on this phone, even zoomed in at max.
Amazon please rethink you decision!!! I love this phone and it is ashame that it is being discontinued. From what I see it is only IPhone users that have real complaints, or those who are too lazy to really learn the phone or apps. It is just like the BLACKBERRY another great phone going away.
I really like the phone I really like the phone. Everything is easy to get to and use.The best phone I have owned and with a year of Prime to go with it what else can you ask for.
If you love Amazon, you will love Fire Phone!! I love my Fire Phone. Always have been a Prime subscriber, but the Fire Phone totally uses your Prime subscription to the maximum benefit. As with the Kindle, they are bringing new apps all the time. But all the major ones are on board. The phone is easy to use. The camera is great. I love the features, like firefly and the tilt scrolling.
I really like this phone I really like this phone.It is awesome.It texts calls quickly and it also holds an strong signal 90 percent of the time.Photo quality and screen graphics are very good.The screen also moves around when you move it.Plus it has movement options when you move your phone to the right or left and so on.It is really cool.I am very happy with my new phone.
AT&T don't have a clue about anything about this phone I loved this phone when I 1st got it.... I've had it for 4 months now and last month I had to call customer service 3 times to get my speaker working. I could only hear phone conversations while on speaker phone. Now that that issue is taken care of, I've noticed that I can barely hear with the volume turned wide open...so I guess I'm going to contact Amazon support again but if these problems persist I will probably go back to the Galaxy S5 or I might try the S6. Another thing I don't like about this phone is that you can't get the Google Playstore which has alot more to offer than the Amazon App Store
Amazon knows how crappy this phone is and masks it with a year of prime to get you to buy it. IT'S A TRAP!!! This phone is a piece of crap. The only thing remotely good about the fire phone is a year of prime for free. You cant send pictures over 1 MB in a text and the phone is constantly freezing up, glitching, and turning off. I took it to AT&T to replace it, which I did, and the same crap happened. Also even if you bought s song make sure your music library is switched from cloud to device or else you can say good bye to your data plan unless you're connected to WiFi 24/7. No Google apps. 3rd party apps screw with the phone. Battery life sucks. Etc. Etc. etc... save your money. Definitely not worth it. In 5 years? maybe. Now? HECK no!
Not worth the hassle... When I first received this phone it was quick and I loved the design. It freezes up a lot now and wont scroll occasionally. I frequently have to restart it. There's plenty of space on the phone but a lot of the apps that I would normally use are unavailable on the Amazon store. The phone dies constantly like 3x a day. You loose 3% just for checking the time even with the lights dim. I can leave my home with 100% and by the time I get to a 20 min destination its at 56%. Every time I'm with my friends their Iphones and Galaxys outlive mine by 20% with us snapping pictures. When I connect my phone to other networks at different locations and come back home it won't automatically connect to my home wifi, I have to save my password all over again. When I get in my car it wont connect to bluetooth alot of times. I have to double tap the bluetooth symbol twice(kind like reset or refresh it). For some reason I can't use the volume buttons on my steering wheel if its music coming from my phone but was able to with android phones in the past. It maybe not be completely compatible with new Hyundai Elantras. Front camera sucks but the back camera is pretty good. If you post photos straight from your gallery to Fb it won't post them all. But if you go to FB and then use add photos to status they will all post. I think the photo issue just started with the new update I don't remember this issue before that. All in all it just looks nice but is a pain in the a**. Its a dumbphone that looks like a smartphone because you have to tell it everything. I like Amazon products but this one was a fail.
Very happy with this phone. I've had this phone for a few days now... and I really really love it. It has a very simple user interface. The carousel and the quick actions are a breeze to use. Also, the camera on this phone rocks. Here are some of the pros and cons, that I feel are for this phone. PROS ++ User Interface: When you pick an app in the carousel you see quick actions that can be performed before opening the app. For instance, Mail lets me see new mails without opening the app. Phone lets me quickly call the recent contacts. I think you get it by now. + Amazon Apps & Prime: If you're an Amazon Prime user, it can't get better than this. The support for the Amazon ecosystem is amazing. + Firefly: I would love to see other apps make use of the firefly. For instance, Netflix and Hulu for movies, Walmart, Target and other retailers for groceries and etc. + Dynamic Perspective: This one may sound gimmicky, but I think this has potential especially with games. + Mayday: I feel this truly separates this phone from every other phone in the market. It's like having someone available 24x7 to help you out with your phone. You are connected to an expert within 10-15 seconds and, there is no charge for that "ever". CONS - Dynamic Perspective: I know I've listed this item in the PROS. Here is what I don't like about this. "if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail". I hope the use of this technology is limited to where it is relevant. Overall, I love this phone. I used to be an avid IOS user. I have tried Android and Windows phone before and have felt that no one gets the customer like Apple does. Now I feel that no one gets the customer like Amazon does.
The Amazon fire phone is great!! The Amazon fire phone is great!!!! Just don't go through AT&T for it. I picked the phone up last week and unfortunately the glass cracked. I went back to have it fixed through insurance and was told they no longer carry the phone and can have an HTC for a replacement for $200. Within one week of me having the phone. They say they are all out and it is my only option. An HTC is not a comparable product this the Amazon fire phone is amazing!! Just wish I could have the glass replaced...... hey Amazon talk to AT&T they say it's not worth having
Great phone! Took me a few days to get used to this phone, but I love the features and was so surprised when I noticed that it already linked to my Kindle and Prime Music Playlist. I have to admit some of the features take time getting used to because the phone is very different from any other phone I've had, but overall the phone is great.
amazing fire phone My fire phone is amazing I dropped it about 3 times and hasn't cracked yet and the 3D is amazing.. I love the app store a lot of stuff I want and more and the battery omg I was traveling to Massachusetts and I was at half battery and it was still on when I got back to New York I love this phone thanks amazon...the only thing is that u can't take the battery out but it's ok ill put a protection plan on it lol
The Stars are for Customer service!!! I really wanted to love this phone but I was disappointed. It all started a couple of months ago. I was enjoying the phone until it started freezing up on me, dropping calls, losing contacts and call log, taking too long to send a text message, taking too long to load contacts, duplicating contacts. I called in and I was offered a replacement, the 1st replacement came in and I was enjoying it but it started acting up too and the craziest thing is it got soon hot one night. I called in and I was offered a 2nd replacement (the one I am using to type this review) which I am about to send back since it has not been any different. Today it has been freezing like crazy and luckily I received the 3rd replacement. I have restarted these phones, appeared them off, and even restored them but I am done. The apps act up, one minute they are fine the other they a mess. I am disappointed and I am tired of this refurbished replacements. I cannot deny the fact that customer service has been great (the three stars are for the customer service department) and helpful. This phone needs a lot of work and maybe an improved version. I am not a tech savvy person but I guess I can tell when there is some technical issues.
Great phone but needs a few upgrades to apps I like this phone very much. It's fast, and has many fun features including good graphics, amazon video, and firefly. My main complaints are 1) the app store doesn't provide all apps that you would find on an android or iphone, and 2) it's challenging to upgrade some apps including the my AT&T application.
Thank you Amazon Best phone I've had. Mayday feature is amazing, and the modified Android is feels refreshing. Can't wait for a larger screened model to come out.
yourve been warned I was really hoping this phone would work out. I love Apple products but I'm obsessed with Amazon! I purchased the 64GB with two small children and never wanted to run out of space. With that said, this phone was horrible!!! Before I had it for a week, I had to bring it back to AT&T twice because it would run slow, not turn on, and kept shutting off. Finally after the third phone in one week I got one that stayed on. This is the slowest phone. No offense but it's worse than a knock off Kyocera $50 phone. Horrible. I'm only at 50% space capacity after a year of owning it and it's horrible. It shuts off, take 30 minutes to turn on, it closes out my apps, it's horrible. The list is never ending. Do not purchase this unless you wanna be disappointed. Seriously. I gave it two stars because I love the free prime for a year but that's legit the only thing.
I upgraded from an iPhone and I do like this phone a lot I upgraded from an iPhone and I do like this phone a lot. Only downfall is it does not have certain apps available such as snapchat which I miss having. I wish they would get more common apps. Having Amazon prime is awesome though.
Thanks to this phone, I'll probably never buy another product made by Amazon. Worst phone I've ever owned, and I've owned some pretty bad phones. I originally got suckered into buying this $200 paperweight because of the free year of Amazon Prime, and because I needed a decent phone that would last a couple years. Not the case here. I don't know what it is, the updates or the phone was just designed to fail - but after about a year (conveniently when the warranty expires) the phone randomly shuts off the screen, and then you have to wait for the battery to die completely before you can charge it and turn it back on. This happens multiple times per month - so you have no phone about 4-6 days per month. Amazon doesn't even stand by their product or their customers and offer to give you any kind of refund or compensation, even when you paid the steep price of $200 and later they gave it away for 99 cents. This phone has soured me on Amazon as a whole - and now I take my business elsewhere whenever it is within reason to do so. Amazon isn't the only game in town anymore, and they certainly aren't the best anymore.
The Camera is great, the HD screen is awesome I have really Kiev this phone. The Camera is great, the HD screen is awesome, and the apps are a plus. The only draw back is not bring able to download certain apps because amazon dos not have them on their serve. If amazon could branch out on the apps, this phone would be a highly competitive product against any other android phone on the market.
Amazon Fire Phon My Amazon Fire phone was delivered when it was expected. It is a beautiful easy to use phone. I is larger than an iphone but not too much. It has access to loads of apps; in which many are free. It has a feature that I really love and that featue is called Mayday. Whenever I have a problem all I have to do it to go to that setting and it walks me thru whatever I am trying to do. It;s awesome and I really love it. I got it thru an upgrade so it did not cost anything and I up graded at a time when it had a year of free Prime added to it. So far I havethe Kindle fire and now the Fire phone.. One can not go wrong when dealing with Amazon
Really wanted to love it. I was very excited to get this phone when I first heard about it. I am a loyal AT&T customer for years, when it was still Cingular. I also like to try new gadgets/phones. I was thrilled that I was able to use AT&T Next to upgrade without costing me an arm/a leg. However, it's been about 2 weeks, and I am honestly disappointed in this one. First, I like the Apps Market to be larger. It stated Android/Amazon market apps, but 1) no Android apps and 2) definately doesn't have the apps that I was used to with my previous Android phones. I know it's a new so the market will only grow as time passes. Having adjustment issues :) Now some of these are not imperative functions, but I'm comparing it to Andriod based phones because that were the phones I've used. I would also appreciate an indicator light of some sort. When the phone is in idle, I can't tell if the phone is charging (when I have it charging) or when there is a missed text/call. There are no speed dial options, which I didn't realize how frequently I used them until I don't have the option anymore. WIFI connection: I live in a small apartment, my WIFI adapter is in the livingroom, and the connection is unstabled/dropped whenever I'm in the bedroom, which is odd because I NEVER had this issue with any of the Android phones. I LOVE the battery life, last longer than most phones. Easy to use and neavigate. Virtual wallet is a nice touch.
A flop for Amazon I was excited to get my fire phone, it sounded like a great device! Pretty much immediately I discovered that many of the apps I had been used to using on my Galaxy were not available for fire phone :( Uber, Target, Wal-Mart, Ibotta, Nike, etc. I should have returned it, but I have been sticking it out for a year and a half now, with old, outdated apps (because there are no updated versions for the fire phone) I can no longer get Instagram. No videos on Facebook will play. There are many times that my phone shuts off on its own for no reason.
love it I don't know what all the low reviews are for this phone is amazing I got it when it was on sale and I would have to say it's well worth the 200 dollars. people always compare this to other ios devices instead of seeing the phone for what it really is I find it to be amazing for what it can do yea the app market is limited but as to what I do it has all the apps I use anyways I always make sure to check the app market before I buy a new phone so it dosnt come as a surprise later.
Yes! No Google non-sense I really like this phone. Very user friendly. Like I said in my header no google non-sense. All my previous phones were littered with google this google that, all draining the battery through out the day. However you will miss out on some apps, like Bank of America as an example. I will live without some apps to have a full charge when I get off work. One notable problem I currently have is the music player will not play songs after the phone sits, so I have to restart pretty much every time I get in my car or I'm at work, kind of annoying. Any help on that subject would be appreciated. Pros- No google play Very cool 3D display Very user friendly, many new features. All your amazon stuff right on the phone. Long battery life. Cons: Not able to get all the apps I don't like the glass back, mine cracked after a month.
The not ready for prime time phone This phone has a lot of cool features but in my experience the battery life stinks, navigation is difficult and the apps have an unfinished feel. This may be a great phone someday but someday is not here yet.
Five stars because I only have one gripe with this ... Five stars because I only have one gripe with this phone, the screen doesn't come back on after it goes off when making a phone call.
Fire Phone So far, still trying to learn this. But, it is nice.
Best phone period!! This phone is the best available. The phoney comments about battery life are nonsense. It lasts longer than IPhone. The features are tops and the technology is trendsetting. Be sure to get the 64MB, and enjoy Amazon's many things they begin to see as the future of phone.
While I'm not especially pleased this issue has not yet been resolved since the ... While I'm not especially pleased this issue has not yet been resolved since the week I've first reported it (and I'm surprised this is not an easy fix), Dean was both polite and professional (not to mention patient: I have spoken to a number of other non-Amazon reps of late, and they all seem eager to argue and interrupt: not the case with Dean or any of the other Amazon reps I've been in contact with, so thank you for that, too). He also seemed quite honestly and thoroughly happy with his thankless 4-day weekend work schedule.
My First Smartphone! All these years, I've watched the rise of cell phone technology as it exploded into what it is today, but I could never afford one until recently, and wouldn't have been able to make a choice from the thousands on the market anyway. When I saw that this Fire Phone was being offered for just 99¢ (with the 2-year contract), I figured that now would be the best time to jump into the fray, considering my love of ordering from Amazon! Couldn't believe how quick and painless the whole process was, and it arrived in two days, with all the set-up already programmed into it! In the week I've had it, there've been no difficulties, just a whole lot of fun exploring its capabilities as I load up on all the coolest free (or at least cheap) apps I can find! This thing is like the ultimate Swiss Army Knife, and I predict all manner of improvements to my lifestyle, now that I'm officially a member of the 21st century.
Simple features .. I actually kinda like my fire phone but some of the simple features of a phone are missing. I wish that you would do something so that I can have a background and a lock screen picture. The lack of ringtones and the ones that come on the phone are also a down side but there are also a lot of great things about the phone too. Like the dynamic perspective is amazing.and I love the three dimensional maps. I really like this phone but I would love this phone a lot more if you could just fix some of the simple things.
Needs Newer Apps Amazon OS works great but needs the apps that are newer. I would like to be able to play some games found on Android devices.
Love Amazon, but will not purchase another Fire Phone again I have now had the phone for 4 months. Here is my review thus far: PROS: -Does basic, necessary phone functions (i.e. call and text) sufficiently -Lightweight yet seemingly durable. I'm not one to drop my phone often or have other accidents, but the phone has survived the few drops I have had without any visible damage -Headphones that come with it are awesome; significantly more comfortable and better sound quality than the ones Apple provides -Camera's picture quality is very good when it wants to be -Was expecting the Firefly to be a gimmick and not very effective, but has actually been a pretty neat and semi-useful feature for song, show, and product identification -Longer battery life than what I am generally accustomed to -Added year of Prime CONS: -Dynamic perspective is a gimmick and entirely pointless. Also, will completely destroy battery life so I have it turned off -Phone will fail to notify me of missed calls, new texts, and voicemails (there is discrepancy between Amazon and AT&T over who's at fault for the voicemail issue. I spoke with both companies, and each one blames the other) -Web browser has been quite slow as of late, failing to load pages and has difficulty playing videos. Also, browser often will not modify the web-page to fit the screen which would be fine if it would allow me to scroll left and right, but it often does not -Camera is incredibly inconsistent. There are times it is great, but often the auto-focus does not work properly causing blurry photos. This inconsistency has rendered the "quick-snap" button on the side of the phone, almost pointless. -Linking accounts, such as Gmail and Amazon, for contacts displays multiple, duplicate contacts with the same name and number which is incredibly annoying. You have to manually choose which account you want your contact list to correspond with in order to minimize said duplicate contacts. It would be nice to see them auto-integrate. -Phone force closes apps too often -If your battery is low, it will constantly let you know with a vibrate and big pop-up display. For example, yesterday my phone hit 15% while I wasn't on it so it vibrated. I checked the phone and saw that was the notification so I closed the pop-up and began using my phone. About 10 seconds later, it notified me again; I close the pop-up, continue using my phone, and about 30 seconds later, it notified me AGAIN. Worst part is, I contacted Amazon and they said there is no way (as of now) to modify the battery's notification settings. -App store not as extensive as Google Play or Apple. This isn't too big of an issue because you can side-load missing apps onto the phone, but this puts you at risk for downloading viruses, and the apps you do download won't auto-update; you have to search for updated versions. (Missing apps that I would like to see in the Amazon App Store: YouTube, Snapchat, Adobe Reader, and Google Maps) -My device requires a restart/shutdown once a day to continue running smoothly; if not, phone will freeze or become annoyingly glitchy/slow at some point Conclusion: Don't choose this phone. I'm a huge Amazon fan, so I wanted to like this phone, but I just can't. There are much better devices out there to choose from. They aren't going to be at the 99 cent price point like the Fire, but you are likely to be more satisfied spending the extra $100 or so for a superior device.
good first attempt......eagerly awaiting next-generation Real nice features and lots of potential for the dynamic display and firefly.... it's something new to the market and I love the change from iPhone 5s ....the screen is the right size. Amazing earphones. Just waiting for more apps on the appstore....
So far the phone is really great. The only issue I have with it is ... So far the phone is really great. The only issue I have with it is the camera button on the side. Any time it is in my pocket, I seem to hit this button and it takes it out of screen lock. I am sure this will be fixed in a later update. Overall I recommend this phone, especially if you shop on Amazon.
I wanted to love this phone I wanted to love this phone. I can't. I can't use the apps I love-- Target Cartwheel, Locately, Youtube, etc... and now I can't play the audio books I check out from the library. It makes me sad that a company I typically love has been such a disappointment when it comes to this device.
This phone is GREAT I may not be the most advanced in the technology department, but what limited knowledge and skills I have, I would rate this phone beyond excellent. Regardless of all the things that the phone does not do, have, or functioning capabilities, what it does have works great for me and the customer service is by far the most outstanding quality associated with this phone. Way to go Amazon....we are all entitled to our opinions but I would recommend this phone to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!
Like a Kindle Fire in phone form Cons: Does not have speed dial with the number pad The voice speed dial option is only available when connected to the internet Voice mail is only available when connected to the internet Limited apps (really, no Where's My Droid?) Edit: The phone when not on speaker has to be directly in front of the mouth. In past phones, the phone could hang by my chin, and sound would still be fine. I am told I can't be heard at all when the speaker isn't directly in front of my lips. Since the phone is heavy, it is inconvenient to hold it at an angle, rather than straight up and down. This is a pretty big deal, so I changed from 4 stars to 3. Pros: It synced everything with my Amazon account seamlessly Easy to use and understand Fun phone to play with I can download movies and audible books from my Amazon account Speaker phone works well Pictures automatically upload to my Amazon cloud The Find function on Amazon
but I believe this phone is for us Amazonians and not just a regular smart phone user I plan on getting the phone now that its .99. I have read all the awful reviews, but I believe this phone is for us Amazonians and not just a regular smart phone user. Those of us who have Prime accounts on our PC's or Kindle Fire's are those who will understand and take advantage of this type of opportunity.
I wanted to love you, but you're so bad I can't even put you in the friend zone. I'm giving the Fire Phone 3 stars as of now. I bought the Fire because my iPhone 5 screen basically exploded. At the time I couldn't afford a new phone outright and when my screen broke the back case was also damaged so it was not cost effective to repair. Being an avid Amazon user with a Fire HD and a prime account I knew about the Fire Phone. I loved my Apple but always was curious to try something a bit different. The one thing that kept me tethered to the iPhone was iTunes, but Amazon made it easy to transfer my library to the Amazon music player. So I took the leap and got the Fire, as a matter of fact my wife did too. Now a couple months into owning it, and having the new gadget euphoria wear off, I think it is time for a review. Cosmetically this phone is the best out there. Period. It looks and feels far more durable than any iPhone I have owned. The only phone that would beat it in durability would probably be my old Nokia brick from about 1997. That literally survived being run over but there wasn't much in the way of apps for it. The phone is sleek and sturdy and has the right amount of heft to it. Now that I got that part out of the way..on to functionality. The music player..well, after transferring my iTunes library to the Amazon player a lot of my songs wouldn't migrate. That isn't the phone's fault..that is the stupid DRM that Apple used to include on EVERYTHING. Gotta find an easy way to strip that junk out so I can load my ENTIRE library. Anyways, onwards...the music app is itself meh. No the one thing they need to do to it is make it possible to have it always list your music by artist. Yes, you can change it for that immediate use, but whenever you open the app again it always defaults to organizing by album name. I'm sorry, but 99% of the time I have no clue what the name of the album is, but I KNOW who the artist is. Organizing by artist should be the default, or at least give us a way to change the default to artist, not album. Also..every other time I go to change songs or whatever the Amazon version of Siri opens up and kills my music. Why is this happening? Annoying to the max. The silk browser..if you have a Kindle Fire you know how it goes. It's a pretty nice browser, decent speed, and I've only found a few websites that just plain don't work on it. Now...the Facebook app. I don't know if these issues are to do with the phone or the app but damn...would it be so hard to put a 'Close' button on the corner of a picture or video? The stupid swipe thing to get out of a picture took me a few days to learn, and honestly, it's stupid because you have to swipe just right or the picture won't close. So you look like a fool swiping the crap out of a picture, like you're stroking it or something. Just put in a close button and fix that nonsense. The Firefly button...for the love of God eliminate that thing on future versions. I am so sick of inadvertently pushing it. It is absolutely maddening when I'm listening to music in the car and go to lock the screen and the stupid firefly crap fires up. Just leave it as an icon on the screen and eliminate that button. Overall the phone is ok. It's not awesome. I wanted it to be awesome, the wife and I are the only people we know that even have it and most people never even heard of it. It has some bugs, it is a tad slow, especially on start up. It will bog down and get a bit jumpy on occasion. But it is built well and looks great. I wish Amazon would open some sort of direct line with Fire Phone owners so we can report bugs and recommend fixes. Oh..and good luck looking up issues about the phone. Since everything Amazon sells is labeled Fire you will be sorting through thousands of articles related to the Kindle before you find one that is relevant to the phone. Update 3/14/15: Ok, now that I've REALLY had to live with this phone I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt, don't bother. Really. The bugs in this phone couldn't be killed by the best of exterminators. This thing locks up, is slow, doesn't do what you want it to do, has HORRIBLE bluetooth music streaming, the screen will randomly turn on even though you never touched it, the stupid camera turns on by itself, that firefly button becomes even more infuriating as time goes on, and the lock/power button decides when it wants to work. And today it decided that the top half of the screen wasn't a touchscreen anymore. You know, the half that has the phone, email, text messaging, and facebook apps. So the phone rendered itself useless and required three restarts to get it working again, which was a whole bunch of fun itself (did I mention the lock screen/power button decides when it wants to work?). So yeah..really I wanted to love you, I would have settled for just liking you, but Fire Phone, I can't even put you in the friend zone now. You suck. I wish I never left Apple and as soon as I'm eligible I will be running back to the iPhone.
Amazon Fire Phone is worth a try. I love this phone. I'm waiting for a Fire Phone 2. I've used every iPhone to the 3G to the 4G and I got fed up with them being overpriced and breaking one after one. I've had this phone for almost a year, and I couldn't be happier. It's a much higher quality device than the iPhone's. It's speedy, takes beautiful photos, and is the perfect size. I love Amazon, and I love this phone. I will definitely be purchasing Prime when my free for a year runs out. Please Amazon, don't halt production or plans on the Fire Phone. You can make it through Apple and Samsung in the consumer market. Don't rid of dynamic perspective either, the 3D lock screen is something I don't want gone in the next generation.
Good smartphone, needs working apps. I booked this phone in pre-launch offer. While the launch was scheduled on 25th July, I got the delivery on 24th evening. very good service as usual by Amazon. About the phone itself, just somehow manages satisfy requirements of high end smartphone. The phone specifications match those of other high end devices, however it has to be remembered that those other devices were launched 2 years back. The good: - I like the look and feel of it. Camera works great. - Face motion sensors and 3D games/wallpapers is amazing idea, however current choices are very limited. - 1 year free prime membership (justifies $ 199 pricetag) - Firefly, Mayday, cloud storage are nice to have features. The Bad: - App choice is limited compared to a standard android phone and few apps don't work properly. This is the biggest drawback. A phone is only as good as the apps it can offer. - Whatsapp doesn't work. - It keeps crashing every few hours. I've to reinstall it at least 3 times a day and I keep losing my unread and old messages when it crashes. I've friends and family in India and I'm heavy on whatsapp use. It is biggest drawback for me. Hope they correct this soon. - Sometimes, it feels like the phone is already giving me some drag while playing games. To summarize, Fire phone tries to distinguish itself more on services by offering prime, mayday, firefly, however Amazon needs to work on apps availability and they also need to ensure that those apps are WORKING!!
I hate having to have my MOBILE DATA on to get ... I hate having to have my MOBILE DATA on to get pictures in text messages. I HATE that the phone automatically and randomly connects to any wifi available, and has no real MANUAL option to turn that off. I hate that it doesn't accept GOOGLE PLAY apps and you have to download a separate app which them downloads google play apps. Overall, the best thing about the phone so far has been cloud storage, camera, using firefly occasionally, battery charge life is fantastic, and getting a free subscription to Amazon prime.
not as I was hoping , need to add underground app and other upgrades for this phone! Don't think so! I will say that if it has issues, and with a warranty for 1 year, which I do, but they send you a used yet refurbished phone, and I don't think so, and I kept my own. I have to say, for the price, it wasn't bad, but can do lots of things, but if you play games or watch movies, it gets hot and will get to be aggravating and shopping app after playing games may have still half battery life, screen gets very sensitive and uncooperative .....there's not 100 million navies or games and need to allow the free underground app for this phone asap.
sad I love my kindle, I was so excited over this phone. Biggest mistake ever! It shuts off, locks up, has stuff that will never be needed or used. Can only download from Amazon. Amazon doesn't have snap chat among others. Will never use anything else but my HTC's again. Big big disappointment.
I would NOT recommend this to a friend. Stick with Android or Apple. This is the second Amazon Fire Phone I have received, it was replaced under warranty, because I bought it in January of this year via the AT&T Next Plan. I was having issues with the first phone two days after purchase. The Sim card they gave me freaked out on my phone, it caused me to not be able to call out, or send texts at all. I could only receive calls, I could receive text messages but could not send any out. I could not get on the Internet, it could not access any of my apps at all. After that was fixed my phone was alright for about a month. Then it started messing up again. I did troubleshooting, And after doing a 40 sec. reset, taking off my screen protector and case Because I was told that the fire phone is so new that there's not enough data to support which case and screen protector are the best. And that those could be messing with the sensors and the phone. I was finally told that it was because of a preinstalled app on the phone. Meaning one of the apps installed on the phone before I purchased it. When I asked what app it was they said the troubleshooting just determined it was a preinstalled app but did not know which one was causing the issue. I ultimately ended up having to do a factory reset, and even that did not work. I am having the same problems as the previous phone and they are worse. I have already done the 40 second reset with this phone. Screen Blacking Out. Phone Cutting Off. Apps Freezing. Touch Screen Not Working. Messages Not Sending. Internet Browser kicking me off the internet, after freezing. Buzzfeed App. Not loading. Tumblr App freezing up, and not responding to closing this last ten days days. Being heard while my phone is on speaker or connected to the car stereo via Bluetooth is impossible unless my windows are up, the a.c. is off and I am leaned all the way in to the phone, as close it is to my ear when I use it handheld. Spotify App. Freezing and blacking out mid song. Firefly not working as an app. Not registering music at all. Amazon Music Player, not playing. Only loading continuously. Email apps not showing a new email has arrived. Email Apps Freezing, not sending, opening, deleting, or even typing the email out. Voice text disconnecting while the phone is connected to a network. Automated Suri like helper not working 7 times out of 10. Route and directions on maps app, freezing and erasing halfway to destination. Are a few of my problems. I would not recommend this to a friend. The best things about this phone, are the camera, the one year of prime free, the storage, and the access to Amazon music. But there are now Androids out with the same amount of storage. A better app market, and I'm fairly sure you can still access Amazon music.
LOVE the Fire phone! Haters should learn to use the phone before reviewing it... I switched to this phone from an iPhone 3gs. I know it was out dated. I've never a smartphone other than the iPhone. I absolutely love the fire phone! I was very hesitant to get this phone after reading some reviews out here, but this was the phone I kept coming back to. My hubby finally told me to just get it already! Lol some of the complaints I have read could easily be solved by visiting an att store and getting a tutorial on how to use the phone. I bought in store, instead of onaAmazon, and our att rep was excellent! He showed how to use the phone. I've read several complaints that you cannot go back to your news feed after you click on a photo in Facebook... yes, you can. You swipe up from thebbottom to the top of the phone. I've also read that there is not a Google app... yes, there is. It's right there in the app store plain as day. The dynamic perspective is very cool! I have yet to use firefly. I love this phone. If you have one or decide to get one, either follow the tutorials or go into a store and actually learn how to use the phone before placing a review.
It's not bad, I like it It's not bad, I like it! It could be better! I think it shouldbe more privacy on the Carousel or at least give you the option, I wish I could have emoji's, I know it's not an iPhone but some phone could still get them! I'm a big picture taking person so I love the picture quality on the front and back cameras! I love the fact that at anytime of the day I could call my mayday people lol I use them a lot! I love my prime, let's me watch movies etc, borrow books 2 day shipping! I also think I should be able to have the option to get my notifications other than email phone calls and messages on my lock screen! But other than that love it, but this phone it's for everyone!
AMAZON FIRE PHONE IS A HIT! I love this phone! This is the first such device I have ever purchased, and I recommend it to anyone who might be challenged by some of the new technology available to consumers. Easy to use and navigate, one of the best features on this device is the phone. The buttons are larger and make it easier to use. The text feature is also great, and almost types the words itself. Amazon, and its partner with this device, AT&T, have a wonderful duo to help consumers stay more connected than ever. GREAT JOB.
I think I'm going to love this phone! I just got this phone last week, and I'm just familiarizing myself with it. But I think I'm going to love it. I never owned a smart phone before, so it does take time to get use to. I called to request the owners manual on the first day that I turned it on, and received it in my e-mail within 5 minutes. The instructions so far are quite easy. Its working out great. Now I can bug my daughter with too many text messages. Pay back is a beach!
The apps available for the phone are limited and of ... The apps available for the phone are limited and of little variety and compatibility with the ones I was able to use in Apple iPhone. The way the calendar works is very inconvinient since it is not an actual app on the phone. And does not sync with invitations interactively, sometimes not at all. The fire fly however is innovative and so is the mayday feature.
Awesome phone! For .99 cents!! Got my phone today and I am loving it!!! I've been on it for a few hours now and it is not hot like others complained about. Use your own judgement when deciding on this phone. I had a droid razor and I like this phone better! The camera is outstanding as well. Also impressed with AT&T so far. Pricing is better than what I had at US Cellular. By far. You can't beat the prime membership either! This phone rocks!
I bought this phone thinking since I absolutely love my Amazon Kindles & love ordering through Amazon I bought this phone thinking since I absolutely love my Amazon Kindles & love ordering through Amazon, I thought their phone would be a good purchase, especially with the Mayday app! Wrong!! The Amazon Phone doesn't work for me. Was not able to transfer phone numbers to car. Many popular apps don't work on this phone. Mayday service isn't really familiar enough with phone to answer most tech question on how to..... or why...... I am not a techie person so it took me awhile to figure out the apps that don't work on this phone like the apps I used to use on my previous phone (AT&T HTC One phone)! Phone looks good, camera is good, but I certainly wouldn't recommend anyone purchasing it until there are better upgrades! I'm sorry I bought it and now I'm stuck! Amazon needs to desperately upgrade this phone fast in order to satisfy the customers they now have & with hopes of getting new customers!!
Five Stars Awesome phone! I really recommend all amazon's products.
Fire... something I, too, wanted to love my Amazon Fire phone, but the App store is tragically disappointing, and its basic capacity to be a PHONE is at times lackluster. I will answer a call only to discover that the other caller can't hear me, or I can't hear them (less often). I miss the camera of even my old Galaxy S3. The video and music playback are convenient and enjoyable, but almost used an entire months data by auto downloading media before I navigated my way deep enough into the program to change its settings. I sent weeks with my data turned off to conserve the data and avoid fees. Physically, the phone feels solid, and I actually trust it not to break or crack so far. I frequently drop it or toss it across the room onto light surfaces, or bash into things with it in my pockets. Really, though, I could forgive this phone all it's flaws if they would just up their app store game!! Come on, Amazon!
Need more apps Very disappointed that there's not an app. for Bank of America. I'm still learning about the phone, but it's really nice to have live help when you need it. I also like that I can read my Kindle books anywhere.
but I found a very nice case on Amazon for $12 regularly priced at $32 I was afraid after reading the reviews about the phone because I failed to read them before ordering. To the people with complaints or future buyers, watch the tutorial when you power on your phone. It makes using your Amazon so much easier and those that don't fully understand hit MAYDAY and there's a live rep that you can see at their desk to assist you, that had to be the coolest... however I found that the phone does get hot but that's when my battery is at its lowest level.. but I found a very nice case on Amazon for $12 regularly priced at $32...oh yeah it comes with 1yr free PRIME..Overall I love this phone
Love the mayday Wish u had an app that had a direct phone and text contact. Also wish it was bigger. Love the mayday!
It was great for a while It was great for a while. Unfortunately the Amazon app store is so terrible for phone apps, you can't even search for facebook and find it. You have to search for other things like Twitter for facebook. Most apps that everyone uses are not available. You can sideload google play store anymore. Really loved it 2 years ago but it's pretty obsolete with most phone carriers. Gave it to my kid to play on. Still takes nice pics :-)
I have a Amazon Fire tablet which is my favorite go to for things to look up I have a Amazon Fire tablet which is my favorite go to for things to look up. Then I thought to my self this would be cool if it was a phone. But then amazon came out with phone just like a tablet and the things I do on my phone automatically sync to my tablet how cool is that that's why I gave it a five-star!
New to Smartphone - Loved it, Returned it - Bought it Again UPDATE: October 13: Contrary to what I'd read and experienced with the first phone the contacts can be transfered from the Samsung Brightside feature phone to the Fire, as well as all my photos. It just takes someone who knows what they are doing. I could barely hear on the first phone, but this one is different as I can hear well. New to Smartphone, but I do like this phone. I am still in the learning process. Although the phone was $99 I somehow ended up paying the $549 price with a two year contract! ATT is slick, so beware. No problems with the phone, but I've used it very little, however, sometimes I cannot get a connection or I run into dead space where no calls can be made. I believe this is related to coverage, not the phone. ATT sells a micro cell tower for use at home to get better connection (around $300+.) I didn't buy it. I will honor the contract, but hopefully, Fire Phone will be available on Verizon after contract ends. I never had connection issues with Verizon, plus I question ATT business practices. Really like the Fire, though. UPDATE: August 29: I was on the phone today with three different AT&T employees and received as many explanations, none the same. Just returned from vacation and had a bill for $164.19, the reason for my call to AT&T, for less than 14 days service. One rep said account had "zero balance" then lost connection to him and he didn't return the call, and when I phoned back I was told my balance was $119 and change by a different rep with very thick accent, but don't know what I was charged for. I did receive a restock charge after being told there would be no such charge. I am disappointed and really want the phone, but am scared of AT&T. Their billing is confusing, and so are their employees. The letter I wrote came back as undeliverable. Hard to nail this company down on mailing address, but have resent letters to other addresses and hope to get a response. Just don't see why I should have to pay $119 or $164 for less than 14 days of service. UPDATE August 11: Sadly I am returning my phone today. I went to the AT&T store yesterday to inquire about the Mobile Package (I was getting texts from AT&T to complete setup)and was told it is "automatically" added with purchase of new service. I was horrified as I was unaware of this being added to my plan, had no paperwork to justify it, and disgusted I did not have the option to decline it, however, I had seen a paper that was checked with the word "Declined" but it was not with the paperwork I received. It was the attitude and treatment of the personnel that was upsetting to me, and visions of previous AT&T service ran through my head. I asked to see the paperwork where the service was ordered and was told by the two staff present "There is no paperwork, either you want the service or you don't, and if you don't want it you can cancel it." I said so AT&T can add any service to my account without my knowledge, and was told "Yes." I said that did not sound right, but the sales person got huffy. No manager was available so I left. I went to another store at a different suburb and he directed me to another store at a further suburb. It was at that final store that I was told the AT&T stores with the AT&T logo that had "Authorized Retailer" under the name were not AT&T employess and AT&T has no control over them. In fact, "They just want to make sells and can perform the business any way they want to." I had no idea, but to me, it explains all the complaints about the AT&T service. I was unable to return my phone to either of the two additial stores I visited and was instructed to mail it back to where it came from. This morning I dialed 611 as instucted at the second store I visited if I chose not to drive to the corporate store (the third store), and cancelled my service. I found it interesting that the operator (very pleasant and kind) told me I could return the phone to any of their corporate stores. Seems even the employees of AT&T are confused. Anyway, I have repackaged my beloved phone for return today. I was also told I would not be charged a restocking fee, but was not told how my account would be credited. Guess I'll just have to wait. (At the corporate store I was told I would have to pay a restocking fee, hmmm.) I wish AT&T would monitor the stores selling under their brand. The phone has some quirks, people, but nothing so serious as not to keep it (except for AT&T service.) Yes, it became very hot as I talked and I didn't like that I had to hold it next to my hear (even with the speaker on and volume up), but during a 26 minute talk the phone cooled. Driving to the other two stores was 3 hours roundtrip for me, just too far to have to go to an AT&T corporate store, and I refuse to step foot into the "Authorized Retailer" AT&T store again. I know it will cost me to cancel service and return the phone, but it is worth it to rid myself of the AT&T drama. My life is complicated enough. I MISS MY PHONE, and I purchased such nice accessories. ORIGINAL REVIEW: This is my first Smartphone so I cannot give a technical review. It is unfortunate that most of the negative reviews are from people who don't even own the phone, or want primarily to use the phone to play games, and did not give usable reviews. I am glad I decided to make my own decision to buy the phone. There is a learning curve if you are new to using a Smartphone. Apps are nice, but the most important thing for me is to be able to use the phone as a phone! Unfortunately, information to using it as such is scant even in the user manual (which I printed), then later found it is also available on the phone. I like the printed copy. I can barely hear when making calls or listening to voicemail, and cannot figure out how to turn the speakphone on. I can hear downloaded music fine, but wish I could figure out how to use it as a speaker phone when using voice. This issue is not addressed in the user guide. I tried using with the earbuds, but did not receive any better sound or volume quality with them. I like the weight of the phone. I suspect the battery runs down fast because of my exploration of the phone in learning to use it, but I think it recharges quickly. I was unable to transfer my contacts from my feature phone, the Samsung Brightside, and will have to enter each contact manually, which is unfortunate. I also like the Dynamic Perspective. I have been unable to get the camera and Firefly to work, but figure I am doing something wrong so will continue trying. The sales personnel at AT&T failed to tell me they did not have the phone available, (even though I was in the store 4 times before I made the purchase), and essentially deceived me about the service by omission. Before I signed with AT&T they said I would get a federal employee/retiree discount and possibly waiver of the activation fee, but when I went to sign-up I discovered those discounts were not immediately available. (I sent a letter to At&T headquarters, but am now locked into a contract, but I like my phone and plan to keep it, sooooo... ) Also, they had little knowledge about the phone and really could not help me, so I am flying solo. I will use Mayday as needed, but need to try and figure things out more on my own. I've used Mayday twice, with mixed results. I wish the author of the user guide did not presume everyone has knowledge of how to use a Smartphone, and need really basic instruction, but hope I will figure it out soon. All-in-all I think it is a nice phone and am glad I purchased it. Having to go with AT&T was almost a deal breaker, but things change and I am hoping for better service this time around. However, I received an e-mail from AT&T thanking me for signing up for their Mobile Protection Pack. I did not sign up for such a pack (have no idea what it is) and asked that they not bill me for it. I hope I will not have to battle with them. Their service is expensive enough without adding unnecessary costs. I've already received a couple of updates and feel confident Amazon will make the necessary improvements. I think the phone deserves a chance. Good luck.
It's a good phone. I love my kindle fire so I was pretty happy with this phone. The battery life is also a big plus along with the being able to access Amazon. The only thing I can nit pick on is the the keyboard but it's not a big deal.
love this phone it is really differnt i do have ... love this phone it is really differnt i do have some ups and downs with it i just know that there are update coming out soon that will fix the little issue, i just hope they make another fire phone they will understand the mistake they made hear
Dynamic perspective is not as advertised. This phone is great in many ways. The pictures, including even the ones I take, are fantastic. But, the "dynamic perspective" is, as they say, a legend only in Amazon's mind. I found it difficult to work & found out only after 15 minutes with a help rep, that it certainly doesn't work as advertised--i.e., there's hardly any 3d & you have to work really hard to find & set it up. Actually, I still haven't gotten it to work properly, I'm just tired of talking to their help folks, although they are very nice and as helpful as they can be. I guess I'll call again tomorrow & try yet again to figure how--or if--this works. This is a major disappointment, as the 3d feature, as advertised, was one of the main reasons I bought the phone.
Thumbs Down !! Before I start, I want to mention that I bought 2 of these phones for 2 users in my mobile share data plan and we saw the same behavior for both the phones that were sent to us. So this should be universally true. Pros: Dynamic perspective, Firefly and Mayday are all exceptional and out of the box products Cons: Below is an entire list 1. The sound from the speaker of the phone is not clear, crisp and loud the way it is in other smart phones. 2. After getting this phone and using it for the entire week, I have heard from a number of people that my voice is breaking or there is a disturbance on my end. This never happened when I was using my samsung S4 3. The apps keep on crashing again and again. I have installed Whats App and Good more than 5 times but it still behaves the same way. 4. Worst part: After using the phone for just 5-10 minutes (just browsing various apps) you'll feel the phone turning warmer I am a huge fan of Amazon and hence I want for this product but for me it was a complete letdown by the makers. We appreciate smart and cool features but not at the cost of sacrificing the basic functionality of the product. Will return it to AT&T and go for HTC One M8 or Iphone 5S
No Regrets, Give Fire Phone a Chance! I just purchased this phone yesterday, and without having it a full 24 hours, I've already pretty much figured out how everything works. Before buying this phone, I was was strictly and iPhone user. I got an iPhone 4S back in 2010, and I've never felt the urge to get on the bandwagon of upgrading to the latest phone, simply because I don't really see any real differences that would make me want an iPhone 5. I've ignored most of the iOS upgrades, because they were more annoying to me than anything and never really offered anything new. I've been in the market for a new phone for a while, because although iPhone has suited me well, and does all I need it to do, it's a bit lacking when it came to screen size and sound quality. I was considering getting a Samsung Galaxy S5, but when I found out Amazon was coming out with this Fire phone, I decided to look into it. To be honest, I wasn't severly dependent on the iPhone's ecosystem, so I felt no real loss there. I'll admit that it is annoying that I can't transfer my songs and playlists to this phone, but it's not a deal killer. For those complaining about it not having Google Play, don't you think that would be one of the first things you ask about or look into before you purchase it? Again, I don't rely on a phone's ecosystem to get me through the day, so if you don't either, then this is the perfect phone for you. It's simple and easy to use once you go through the tutorial, you get a free year of Amazon Prime, which can be used to stream thousands of songs and playlists for free, and I just discovered today that you will get a one month free subscription to Beats Music, which I love, because I'm all about music streaming. I also love the two speakers it has, at both the top and bottom of the phone; they really enhance the quality of the sound. I think if you take the phone for what it is upfront, you won't be disappointed. I don't have any regret switching over to Fire Phone. Like many others have said, this is the first version and there are still kinks that need to be worked out, but it all comes with time.
Now I have a phone that covers what I was missing out on with Android and iPhone. Ok, I have owned Android phones for a while. My brother in law loves iPhones. I personally don't. But I think this does a great job of bridging the gap. Love the size. It's not heavy and it's not a giant brick either. The S5 is a bit big so this is a good compromise in size between the Samsung and the iPhone. The microphone is a little tricky since it is a small one and I have a tendency to put my hand on it. The system is easy to use and has some cool features. I don't use the Firefly feature much if at all but I can see the use and it works great. I tried it a few times and never had a problem. The camera button on the side, just great! And the pictures are clear and vibrant. There is no Google playstore on this but the Amazon App store has most everything and it is getting more every day. The headphones take getting used to. I don't like the way they feel. Gave them to my son. He loves them. They are neat, no tangle and magnetic for when you want to put them away or only use one ear, you can attach them to each other. But they are not comfortable in the ear without a lot of work to situate them. The Dynamic Perspective is great. Though there are not enough apps with that ability but I expect that will change quickly now that it has been released. Carousel is great. well done. Pros: size picture quality ease of use sleak design average battery life (same as the other guys, no shock there) No useless apps preinstalled. For those of us that don't use twitter or instagram etc, they aren't installed so you don't have to take up space with stuff you don't want. Voice recognition is better than the Samsung installed versions lots of storage tutorial on how to use the phone Mayday function is great and works like a charm!! you can change the order of your apps but not the background color Cons: Lack of apps with dynamic perspective but that changes quickly No Google aps but you can add your gmail to the email and it works fine. They have mapquest and it works better than google maps anyway. But it takes getting used to. No SD card slot. But there is storage online and large storage on the phone, so its not too bad. cannot categorize your installed aps like you can with Samsung but you can rearrange them Overall, a great phone. Not perfect but far better than either the iPhone or the Android phones.
camera only takes good pics half the time I absolutely cannot stand this phone, it has way too many glitches. its freezes up non stop, then I have to restart it. the keyboard goes blank all the time which makes me have to restart it as well. photos and videos cannot be shared half the time because it says the file is too big. camera only takes good pics half the time. im very disappointed I wish I would've stayed with my iphone
phone was crushed by car. I didn't have deal with it any more The best thing to report about my fire phone is. It was ran over by a car and destroyed
Its ok I have the amazon fire phone, I like it but I wish amazon would have made software to make it easy to get photo's off the phone. I still haven't figured it out. And the app store is limited. There are many apps I used on my iphone, that they have on google play, but not in the amazon store. That kind of bummed me out. If they can fix the syncing made easy and taking off my photo's with easy like the iphone did, I would give it clearly a 5 star review.
It is good only as a phone and can do some things ... Do not get this phone if it becomes available again. The list of available apps is dismal. My banking app just quit supporting it and now the Facebook app is not even available. It is good only as a phone and can do some things online but don't expect to be able to get a deal in a store by downloading an app. Most of the developers are not including this in their list of smartphones. Also had some very poor customer service experiences with AT&T and Amazon regarding this phone. Can't wait until my contract is finished with it.
This phone is on FIRE! After six years I am officially a former iPhone owner! The Amazon Fire has lived up to my expectations and beyond. I expected difficulty in switching from the Apple operating system to an android system, but it was a breeze! Except for some unavailable apps, which will soon be available, the fire phone has everything the iPhone had to offer and some additional, exciting features. Dynamic perspective, 32 gig out-of-the-box, scrolling with the tilt of your hand, and Free Amazon prime for year just to name a few!
an awesome android phone that can't use android apps is pretty useless No Google apps. No Google maps, no chrome, no Starbucks app, or any of the 1.2 million apps available in Google play. Any app that says available in Google play? Can't get it. No matter all the other wonderful things this device can do, they are useless with out the android apps. It's built on android but doesn't connect to most android apps?????? Ridiculous. I really regretting purchase. I hope that Amazon listens to customers. I am sooooooooo disappointed. I was really excited about the phone
Disappointed ... Disappointed that I had to reinstall and purchase apps again. Disappointed Fire censors my apps and does not support my previous apps. Disappointed in the. Difficulty I experience in using the product. I replacing it with a Samsung 6.
This phone isn't terrible It's not terrible, but it's not terrific either. It's got a few great things about it: great camera, great calls, fantastic customer service (outstanding really, mayday button is genius). I'm afraid the downfall of this phone is that lack of apps. I've used it for a little over a year and I can't tell you how many times I have went to download an app just to be disappointed. Examples: YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, etc. Can't get those apps. It makes for a great e-reader but it's basically just a kindle with calling capabilities. There are other phones worth your time. I don't even know if they sale this anymore. Will keep it around my house as an extra device.
Gave my brand new Galaxy S6 back for Amazon I typically don't write reviews but I feel like this phone has a bad wrap. Today I literally returned my galaxy S6 to return to this. I used to love my S3 and S4, S5 was disappointing, S6 in my opinion is awful. The screen is the only thing that made the S6 worthwhile. It's beautiful, that's where it ends. The huge advantage to the galaxy was the removable and swappable battery, hiking, camping what have you a backup was available. Now the battery that you cannot switch would die in less than an 8 hour day. I got so fed up with charging my phone throughout the day I had to return it. If they wanted to follow iPhone and remove all the features that made them unique I will gladly return to Amazon, where my internal battery lasts morning to night. Email is easy to navigate, folders are organized. Amazon doesn't feel the need to change what gestures or buttons to. My items are quickly backed up without 58 different background applications asking for access to all my information, how many times do you need to accept terms? Amazon may be invasive, but they're quiet about it. Let me link my Google account to my Samsung account to my cloud back up, oh wait can Facebook access my Samsung account and see my Google information? Not now? every 5 minutes until you say accept? Ok, now every task I try to perform I have to select from 15 different applications that can open that one file, but I clicked the wrong one! Now I have to navigate through the bajillion settings so that I can say oops I always want Adobe to open my PDFs.... ugh I'll keep my Amazon phone over that uncomfortable polished gem, I think they make it as slippery as possible to ensure you drop it to buy accessories or ultimately a replacement. That is my daily rant, why Amazon fire phone is the best phone today.
very happy with my phone! I bought mine from the AT&T store in town, after turning down the Apple 5 and Windows phones. I have no interest in Androids. I had seen the commercials on TV and was intrigued. I rarely buy based on a commercial/advertisement without doing research first. The big advantage I saw was I have a Kindle with books loaded, and they synched right up to my phone, which really made my day (I don't like complicated stuff). I don't understand the one complaint about over complicated navigation because I don't see that at all. I have yet to open a book about the phone or call Mayday because I am stuck. "Mediocre battery life" was another problem someone sited. I charge my phone once a day and have sent texts, used apps, read my books without issue. I love the wallpaper that changes daily (I get to go around a couple of offices and share) and the clarity, which is up there with the Kindle. Although I have lost some of my apps, I found a couple Android replacements (FREE) that were better than the ones I have on my iPhone. I have been and will continue to recommend this phone.
Love my phone Love my phone. It's quick. It does everything: I want and more. It's sleek. And stylish. Plus the accessories are good quality. Love the ear buds. They hug your ear and I can wear them for hours. The apps are good and aren't as expensive and other phones. Watching videos online is great quality. It's just a great phone. Ordering items from Amazon app is easy and it's rather quick I thought. And to top it off they gave me a year of Amazon Prime. Win win. So upgrade and get this phone. You will love it!!
still most powerful phone I have been using this phone since from more than 10 months, last week when I did benchmark on Antutu, PC Mark and Vellamo (Qualcom's) from Google play, I realise the power of phone, however it has never shown slowness so far. Really it still beats Samsung Galaxy S6 and Note 4 which are top in his list for Single Thread Integer and Floating point instruction. This is the best and most premium phone, premium hardware is used. More you use it, more you will be in love with it. One thing to add which is personal, as I have got habit of Carousel, I never feel comfortable in using any of Andoid L or M or any other launcher, tried most of best launchers, still they cannot compete Carousel view usage if you get use to it, In fact it provide you the best way to use it.
😊 This phone is a really great phone with great features and a really nice screen!!
love my fire phone I adore this phone and I have had it for several months now. I use it LOT. It's my only device currently, so all my internet related work and entertainment is done on this phone. I charge at night and it dies by the next night but I use it so much that it's justified. It doesn't get hot in my experience. The camera is good and, combined with the three pictures features and an awesome built-in photo editor the pictures come out amazing. I'm just really amazed and sad that it is no longer available.
Amazon "super user" is satisfied My husband calls me an "Amazon super user". I Kindle, I "amazon Music player", and otherwise, I do 10-30% of all monthly purchases off of AMazon. I have already been with AT&T a long while. When Amazon brought the price down to free with contract plus Prime Membership, I snapped it up. I am not tech savvy by any means, so am probably the average user of most phones.I purchased this Sept 15th. What I feel about the phone is complex, therefore, simply pros and cons wouldn't suit. LOVE- 1. Excellent 24/7 customer service. 2. One year of Free Amazon Prime I'm totally using to actually EARN money. 3. I like the battery life, so I'm listing it. But I've trained myself to use the lowest brightness setting near constantly for years now. (just read I could turn off Dynamic to save battery life. Sweet!) 4. Love playing and, yes, actually using Firefly. I use it to scan phone numbers and emails for contact info as well as items/barcodes. I comparison shop 10x faster with this built in software while in store! It "listens" to songs on the radio so I finally know the song (although I am now aware there is an app for this.) I consider this a strong PRO feature for me. 5. I love that there are various volumes to modify; Media vs ring tone. Also, love the "silent for 3 hours" option! Perfect for a movie or going to class. 6. When I do increase the brightness for media watching, it's a great bright crisp image. 7. The Restart option! Phones are more and more like an actual full blown computer these days, and every now and then, a restart keeps it running smoothly. The option to Restart rather than turn off, wait, manually turn on, wait is great for me. The turn around is quicker. That a phone should never need this seems over optimistic. 8. Like the fact that my emails are in the notifications under carousel. 9. I canceled my Netflix and will survive on prime TV. So, it was free a year, and saved me a year of NEtflix charges. Cha ching. 10. The home button has the best recording task do'er I've ever used. Call -that person-, email -that person-, text -that person-. the speech to text is also the best I've used. It has no trouble keeping up with 4-6 sentences of info with little error. 11. Like the Decline/Reject phone call buttons. Rather than swiping to ignore, one tap'll do ya. 12. Love the Voicemail- can delete without listening! Seriously! I'm anti voicemail though, so perhaps I'm the odd one for being enthused. NEUTRAL- 1. Dynamic Perspective: It's a gimmick. It's neat to show off, but does absolutely nothing functional for me. (will turn off.) Apparently great for some video games, but who plays full blown video games on such a small screen? 2. Navigation options: Swiping vs back button- Something to get used to, kinda weird they decided to branch off in this 3. direction, but acceptable. I don't use the "flick wrist" as it's an awkward motion that doesn't always work so why bother. 4. Satisfied with Size- if I don't want to do something on my phone, I have a kindle fire HDX in my purse most of the time anyway. I pretty much only use my Fire phone for extensive internet reading when there isn't Wifi available for Kindle. 5. I'm not a camera person; I am neither impressed or disappointed with the pictures it takes.I'm also a little confused how the cloud for pictures works; I got some notices that pictures had been uploaded without my inducing it to do so. But then have not received any notices for two weeks despite taking pictures. MILD ANNOYING-Not exactly cons 1. I wish the firefly button was separate from the camera button, as I accidentally turn it on every single time I try to use the camera. 2. Rarely, the swipe to move through multiple pages of icons is tricky. Cons- 1. Missing apps. Like, seriously. I expected some to show up in the month since purchase, but still no go. I seriously miss some apps- how can they not even have a good step counter app? If they hadn't had YNAB, I wouldn't have bothered getting it though. 2. Speaking of apps- the built in clock/alarm is not good. And I can't even remove it to boot, so moved it to the "bottom" of my app icons. There are a few other built in unremovable apps I've done the same to. HATE the built in Maps!!!!!! Downloaded Mapquest- hate it too. I now use the internet to indirectly get to Google Meps. This seriously ticks me off, Amazon. Don't force me to use your product if it comes nowhere near to what it's replacing. 3 Media Volume- it's not great! I think speaker location should be reconsidered because I have to be UP on that phone to watch a youtube video. 4. I don't like the lack of SIM card. I used the "transfer contacts app" and it still only brought over 60% of my contacts. I then had to manually enter in what I was missing. A month later, I am still re collecting numbers. 4. I find the "tilt to scroll" to be tricky and it sometimes activates when I'm changing my seated position; then I get to swipe all the way back up to the top of my internet page. Meh. Another reviewer said they couldn't use GMAIL on their phone- I use it just fine. Maybe they meant some aspects of GMAIL I don't use. Like their docs? I just use them as my primary email. Overall, I look forward to the second generation of this phone, and am satisfied with the first, although disappointed in areas. (APPS, geez!) I am the sort of person to use my phone till it's near dead. But now that I have a satisfying first gen, I can wait until then and then some for people to weigh in.
Naysayers: PLEASE! The negative reviews remind me that the generation we live in us a spoiled rotten one that throws a fit when they have to wait in line for their ten dollar Starbucks coffee. When I got this phone and turned it on to play with it, my jaw dropped. I have an iPad already so I went with the highly anticipated amazon kindle fire for my phone. It gets great reception where I live-which is hard to do since I'm in the country. I have had a blast with this device and sometimes I have to pinch myself that I own something so nice. It's perfect for me since I'm also addicted to books and to Amazon. The absolute only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because after having it for two weeks, I am already encountering annoying glitches when the phone is in sleep mode and I have to push the home screen button several times before it stops teasing me and turns on all the way. I don't have much downloaded on it, so this shouldn't be happening already. Oh well, it's still the best phone I've ever had. Great job amazon!
It would be a perfect phone if the phone part worked better. The apps and the smartphone part of the phone work flawlessly however, the actual phone needs to be improved. The microphone doens't seem to work as well as other phones. It's difficult to hear and the quality of the audio is poor. my wofe sounds like she's underwater half the time. Great phone, just need to work on the actual phone part.
... exctied to try this phone and really wanted to love it. I was drawn for a couple of ... I was really exctied to try this phone and really wanted to love it. I was drawn for a couple of issues, first the free year of Prime, I figured since I was already a Prime member it made the price of the phone reasonable. My old Iphone 4S was starting to have some issues so I was in the market and thought the features this phone offered would fit with my needs. I'll start with some of the positives as I don't want to sound like I just miss my Iphone. The larger phone and screen are very nice, as are the 3D graphics. I like the fact that when sending a text or email you can just run your fingers over the letters you want when typing instead of having to hit each letter individually. I really like the Firefly application though it is somewhat inconsistent and doesn't always work. The Amazon music is also a nice feature, although there are some issues with syncing to the vehicle blue tooth. It doesn't automatically start playing music, you have to open the application, go into downloaded music, go into play list etc.. way too many steps.. There are also several applicatons that are not accessible (I am assuming Google Apps ) and really wish the companies could reach some kind of agreement to allow access. Driving when trying to use the hands free help is also glitchy. If I ask for instance to dial someone in my contacts and I have both a cell number and a home number.. The "siri" will say would you like me to call the first # listed or the second # listed. If you try and clarify and say call the cell phone, "siri" will not recognize your command.. and say either speech not recognized, or I'm sorry would you like the first or second #.. The concept of the flick left or right to get to the various screens was also a great feature, however I have read some other reviews says it's inconsistent and I would have to concur. I have several other concerns, but I will address probably the largest one that I have last.. Text messaging.. When I first got the phone, I would not receive any of the text messages I received from I phone users, or they would show up on my old phone that was in my house. I went through Mayday ( a fairly good feature) to correct the problem , they talked me through disabling text feature on my old cell. However I sometimes still do not receive messages from people, this is especially true if I send out a group text.. Friends will ask if I got there response and my answer is usually no.. If I give my number to someone who is not currenlty in my phone, and they text me from a Iphone, I will not receive their message ever.. Very very frustrating.. I think the concept of the phone is great, but there are some major issues that need to be addressed, and now I am stuck with a phone for the next 2 years that I am really not happy with.. I wish I had waited for the second or third version to come out and upgraded my old phone. Sorry Amazon this one kind of missed the mark..
A uniquely different (in a good way!) phone. The Fire phone does the job. This phone has changed my whole perspective on what a smartphone should be. It's a revolutionary idea, with the four infa-red cameras using your body heat and then translating that into movement on the phone, to peek around things, and to just have fun with a new device. The Fire phone takes great pictures, and has lots of storage for all of your apps, photos, vidoes and in addition, has the Amazon cloud backup over wifi which enables you to have even more of an integrated experience. It's got a whole new take on the OS, which masters the Android, while making it unique in UI and touch and feel. If you want a whole new experience on a smartphone, the Amazon Fire Phone is your best bet.
I really like the Fire Phone I read lots of reviews and many of them were negative. But there were enough good reviews that I decided to go for it. Admittedly, the one year of Amazon Prime really closed the sale. Verdict? I really like the Fire Phone. It was easy to learn, very responsive, and the Mayday worked brilliantly. Fortunately I only had to use it once while getting started. Like with my iPhone, there are things about it I wish were different, but few enough that I found the Fire Phone fun to own.
Love the gimmicky features ... Hate the premature ecosystem I love the finesse of the device and was intrigued by the dynamic perspective but am going to return the device due to the following reasons: - too less applications in the store (I was originally ready to live with this but it's almost crippling to not have some of the most used apps like google hangouts, gmail, chrome, etc.) - the immersiveness of games using the dynamic perspective is not as great as I thought it'd be - hangs in many applications - performance is below average if you are a heavy user (like me) and switch between apps too often - no incognito mode for the default browser, also can't open more than 10 tabs on the native silk browser - Whatsapp like applications crash all the time - most of the gesture based operations "features" are not intuitive and may need some getting used to - the screen and the back are gorilla glass which is prone to finger prints which I hate and a screen protector is probably the only way out of it - the device gets too hot if you play any process-intensive game (temple run 2 in my case) - app drawer does not give ability to sort apps displayed alphabetically - the native email application is too primitive and inconspicuous - discharges too quickly, battery is below average for a phone of this hardware configuration - the firefly is just a gimmick which only helps if you are patient enough and operate in bright light
Five Stars I LOVE the phone and the Amazon support! I have upgraded to the family plan!
Stay far away Don't waste your money. You can't get all the apps you can get on Android phone. It has many glitches that can't be fixed. I ended up getting a be phone in less than a year. Don't waste your money!!!!!!
Amazon Fire phone is terrific! I am thrilled with my new Fire phone! Never having a smartphone before I wasn't sure what to expect. I do have the Kindle Fire HD & just love the 7-inch size - so I was sure that the new Fire phone would have all of the same great features I find on the Fire HD tablet. I'm still exploring this new phone - the only problem has been the setup between Amazon & AT&T. Since I am a senior & do have some disabilities - it was a problem - but the nice people at AT&T walked me through the connection process, since I wanted to keep my old cell phone number but disengage from Verizon. Also - I would like to suggest you show more of the very interesting "screen saver" pictures which appear when the phone is first turned on. These are beautiful & imaginative!
Love Amazon, But this phone is a FAIL. Unnecessay custom software, unintuitive UI. Old hardware in new packaging. It looks to me like Amazon made the same mistake that Microsoft did. They put resources into developing the basic phone but ignored what makes the iPhone and Android useful beyond what any smartphone can do: 3rd party apps. Yes, many if not most free/cheap apps are worth fairly little. I've proved that to myself when I had to hard reset my iPhone and didn't bother reinstalling them. However, there are half a dozen apps--for banking, network analysis (my job), discussion groups, a pedometer, GPS navigator, sun/moon pointer (for photography), Netflix, IMDB, plus two or three others--that I have come to depend on. Or at least, I've come to really appreciate the convenience of having them on my phone. I suspect I'm not unique in my apps availability requirement. Therefore...no matter how slick the phone, the phone OS, the built in apps, if it doesn't have mainstream support, it's not going to sell. Look at any magazine ad, TV spot, or other info source, and you'll see "Get our iPhone app" for everything. For a few less, you'll see Android apps. And that's about it. I used to see occasional Blackberry included. I can't remember the last Windows Phone app I saw. I've not yet seen a Fire app. If Amazon wants any chance, they need to do what Microsoft did not do. Find out the top 500 iPhone apps and pay the developers to offer a Fire version. Microsoft could have done that with the top 2,000 iPhone apps, and they might have sold some of their overpriced, underpowered tablets and even some phones. It's all about the apps. The rest is just window dressing. And after saying all of that...sorry Amazon, but this just won't do. It is way overpriced for the hardware you get. The specs are about what would be considered maybe upper mid-tier these days. Not flagship. The design is very ho-hum. Way too bland. Looks a little like a cross between an iPhone and a Nexus 4 and that's just not a great combination. The screen looks just okay. I don't understand why they went with this 3D gimmick. I believe there were some Android phones that felt the waters on that already a couple of years back and flopped. I guess they need a gimmick to be different. but I just don't see this motivating many people to switch from Android or Apple. If Amazon had used the approach that it uses with it's Kindle Fires, sell them at a cheap price in exchange for a deeper integration and access to Amazon service, then maybe. But $200 on a 2 year contract, $649 and up off contract? Huh? No, my HTC One (M7) is a lot sexier than this and it's not even the newest HTC. I love Amazon. To me, they are the company that can do no wrong. However, this phone misses on every cylinder. They should have delayed the launch by at least a year and gave us something to say "wow" about. Instead, they gave a mediocre phone with some bells and whistles, plus it is ugly! Amazon is way out of their league. Too many companies are tying to be everything. Who knows? If Amazon lowers the prices and comes out with a more polished design when I am up for my upgrade next year I'll take a look. The question is will they still be making phones at that time if this is the likely flop it appears to be?
LOVE it Its done everything I need it to do!! Just wish I would have wallpaper options and not just lock screens!! Also a cool features different ways to unlock your phone would be cool!!! Great phone to.me :)
What's not to like? Five stars all day long If you can still find one on eBay with Prime included, this phone is an incredible bargain. I paid around $100, so, with Prime included, the phone was essentially free. Now, Fire OS isn't for everyone, including me, but with a quick root and Cyanogenmod 11 installed (instructions are all over the web - it's not difficult), you have an unlocked upper mid-range phone running Kitkat, and doing it very well. What's not to like? Five stars all day long!
Five Stars Love this phone. found no problems that other reviewers complained about
Nice graphics as far as I can tell It is an interesting phone with lots of potential and disappointments. I cannot use square or Amazon register with this phone; which is disappointing to me luckily I was able to use a tablet on those. The apps selection needs a lot of improvement and phone compatibility with the apps as well. Nice graphics as far as I can tell. Several services att offers this phone is not compatible. But, hopefully Amazon and att can meet eye to eye on some of the issues with this phone.Will take some getting use to but I will continue to use phone a little while longer. Wish the app zedge would of worked. But over all I am pleased.
Good device Terrible IOS it just wouldn't interact with Google ... Good device Terrible IOS it just wouldn't interact with Google without device modification but once they get side loaded they're Amazing XDA anyone side load yet I'm seriously considering it? The Keyboard is the most disappointing part you wouldn't think Amazon would screw that up but they did.Silk Browser is slow and lagging you can speed it up by turning cloud features off. Amazon steals your personal music and sell it to others. They will even sell you a free Mixtape. The components are top notch too good for the programming that's in it. Amazon as A OEM? Well maybe if they could build a app conversion engine into the next update
It is easy to use for someone that has never owned a ... It is easy to use for someone that has never owned a smart phone. There are times with I open things that I can not find a way to close them without shutting the phone down. Over all I recommend it for everyone.
lack of back button and gmail means not good for everyday use I like the fire phone as an entertainment device. I play games on it and listen to music and that's about it. I hate the lack of a back button. The swipe up to go back method doesn't always work. There's three hard buttons on the phone. I'd rather use the side button for back then ever have access to mayday. That combined with they lack of Google apps like Gmail make my phone unusable for work. So sadly I leave my shiny fire phone at home everyday and pick up my Moto G and take that to work. I like all the specs of the device. It's programming just doesn't allow it to be an everyday phone.
Worst phone ever!!! Absolutely hate this phone. Screen won't come on half the time, Volume for music and stuff is horrible, not many compatible apps, have to touch things three or more times before it responds. The only thing I like is the Firefly!!!
Amazon Fire Phone It's a nice Little phone. I owned the Samsung Mega and was used to the big screen. Also the app store doesn't have alto of the popular apps on it. You have the Amazon Prime set up for me but you have to purchase the movies or music you want but I am already paying for Amazon Prime. Paying for such a service should allow me the ability to download music and movies without having to pay for. I digress. Overall the phone is good.
even that has to much on it for my good. I do not have this phone "yet." It would be and instant prime purchase for me "if" you could choose your carrier. I am not attached to my phone except when I am in a vehicle of ours that does not have a car phone. I am blasted continually for not having my cell on. I have observed how people never even have eye contact with another human being, they are on "the phone." texting, talking, searching...when you can choose your own carrier..I will probably purchase as an upgrade to my LG Optima 5...even that has to much on it for my good.
Could of Been Better!!! This phone had alot of potential but I shouldn't of expected as much being the first prototype. Its not a bad phone at all just certain things annoyed me like not having a proper back feature instead of hitting a button that takes you all the way to the home screen...but overall im content with the phone for now..
A perfect partner, Thanks I have got to say I still like my Firephone and when it gives up I hope they have a new model. Do not give up on us because a few had troubles. I have looked at the options and find all the others to be lacking, with less capability or just not in the same class. I and my spouse use the twins all the time and have had no issues. I can only hope it stays that way until someone can come up with a viable replacement. Thanks
Amazon fire phone...Form and functionallity meets simplicity. NICE! Amazon has done a great job with this phone, so far, apps work great and my phone doesn't have performance issues. I have spent the last few days putting it through its paces and I haven't had any issues with it. It's refreshing to see something other then IOS 7 and Android available, contrary to what others have said, this OS does have a future and it is ready for primetime. This new OS reminds me of older versions of Linux Xwindows, its simple and doesn't rely on rich GUI and glitter to do the same job other OS's do. This is something people aren't used to, its not pretty nor is it fancy, this is what people really dislike about it the most. Since I grew up using web browsers like gopher which only showed text and no graphics, the missing glitter and fancy pants crap isn't an issue for me, but I know it is for others. Other complaints are about apps like google not being available for the Amazon OS. I say give it time, I'm sure there will be a version written for it. I like google too, but you can always access it through the web browser. (Problem solved.) Give Amazon time to work out the bugs, don't jump on the hate band wagon because they aren't supporting every app or you can't figure out the OS. Play with the phone a while and get used to its functions and how it operates, and for god sakes, give Amazon a chance to fix these issues, it was the same way with Android those problems aren't fixed over night! Keep in mind as you read the reviews and also, read carefully, most people are ranting about apps not being available or the OS not looking or working to their liking. Judge for yourself, not a load of complainers! Then again, if everybody that wrote a review had a million dollars, they would find a reason to complain about that too.
This phone has never picked up more than 1 bar ... This phone has never picked up more than 1 bar. Yet they say it is basically "up to par" and there is no reason why it isn't working. Have been on the phone today for about an hour and a half and was finally forwarded to a senior tech specialist who somehow managed to disconnect the call. I just gave up. So ,much for AT&T!!!!!
I love my fire phone I love my fire phone, I use it here in Mexico and can use it with any carrier. I have never had problems as far as anything goes. The back screen did crack when I dropped it coming out of the car, but it still works perfectly and quickly too! It's sad to see it has been discontinued and that it did not work for others.. but I am 100% satisfied with my phone and Amazon <3
I wanted to try new phone because every time Apple had new updates it would slow down my phone and it seemed like every year the I had iPhones for approximately 8 years .. I wanted to try new phone because every time Apple had new updates it would slow down my phone and it seemed like every year they just want you to buy the newer phone which is the same with 1 cool new feature.. I got fire phone because they told me it wasn't as complicated as the Samsung or other phones, I don't like that you can download the starbucks app or other apps and it took a long long time when I first started it up.I had to shut it down three times. Lastly the date and time doesn't not show on the main screen you have to change your setting ng for it.
Three Stars Well it takes forever for a text to send , even with full service
Fire Phone Rocks I got this phone primarily for work and like it a great deal. Ease of use a plus. Comes with a great "notetaking" app, and excellent video capabilities. Enjoy the year of Prime membership, and also Prime Music. Also good selection of apps for almost any need. Additionally, the Mayday "Help" function is excellent. VERY satisfied with purchase and would recommend as alternative to iPhone.
I love Amazon, but I don't need a phone that ... This is the smartest phone I have had, but it does have lots of things that appeal to the ardent Amazon fan only. Don't get me wrong: I love Amazon, but I don't need a phone that ties me into shopping online. I needed a phone that provided me with easy communication for conversations, texting and news. Forget the games, Kindle, app stores and the ever-present Amazon shopping cart. The phone doesn't hold a charge. One conversation can use up 3% of the battery. The storage seems to be gobbled up by the pre-loaded apps. AT&T has been great so far. Their online help was actually helpl. When I needed to talk to a live person, they were great and very friendly. I have to admit I was seduced by the Mayday app on the Fire phone, which has nothing to do with AT&T. It's a nice idea, but the reps don't really want to help. The Mayday app does connect to a live body, but they usually can't help and direct you to upgrades or tell you the reception is no good, call later. That's my very short review. I am still getting to know my Fire phone and its very unique personality.
don't do it, not the same as the tablet. This phone has been nothing but problem after problem. I wanted to love the phone just like my tablet but it is not the same. This phone, for the price, was not worth it. It lags, it deletes short cuts, the talk to text won't work half the time, and it goes overly sensitive with the Swype too. And you are not able to use the goggle play store. Not a phone I would buy ever again. If you need a phone for just making calls get something that costs less.
the battery life is really bad, you couldnt hear or feel the phone vibrate ... The phone has many features, however its difficultly to know how to work them. the battery life is really bad, you couldnt hear or feel the phone vibrate when there were incoming calls or texts, and not having google apps was inconvenient. the apps weren't as great as google. had to return the phone and got the Samsung 5s active.
FIRE Since I have gotten it, just some glitches that make everything slow down or makes me have to reboot my phone. Need more apps in the app store for amazon, really want Snap chat bad. Other than that it is simple and easy to use.
Five Stars Love it!
Fire is Hawt! So far, I love this phone! It has all kinds of cool options and features, is SO easy to use one handed, and the screen is AMAZING! It's almost the perfect device except for one tiny thing.. There aren't any timestamps on the texts so if, I miss one, I can't tell how long ago it was received. I cringe thinking I've upset people by ignoring them for who knows how long, because I haven't been paying attention, even if it turns out to only be minutes. That's probably silly and just me, though so I'm still giving it Five BIG Stars! Thank You Amazon!
i wanted to like it After a year of having the fire phone,I have never wanted to leave a phone so bad before. At first it was really cool, all the gimmicks on it were entertaining. My first problem was the whole app issue, Google play being untouchable on the phone, limited to only specific apps from Amazon and third party freshman apps that are mostly terrible. No quality checking on third party apps for the store has ensured a slew of really terrible apps. Now at the year mark, it has seemingly been ignored by Amazon as no real updates to the os have been released, and remains largely buggy and crashes very often. Browsing the timeline on Facebook causes it to crash constantly. Doing simple things will cause the phone to lock up and crash. Very frustrating. I think amazon knows it would take a lot of work to fix it and not much pay off as I imagine allot of customers have already given it up. So the phone is virtually dead. I think at the least, Amazon learned allot from this and will think twice before releasing any new phone. I will be paying off what little time I had left for my upgrade to go back to the reliable iPhone stock. It was an interesting, gimmicky ride at least.
Love my Fire Phone I have had an I-phone 4 for two years. I did not have reception in my townhouse most of the time, with the exception of the upstairs bedroom. I had to be standing by the window for good reception. I have to say other than that, I loved my I-phone. I picked up my Amazon Fire phone yesterday (Friday) and so far I love it. I have reception inside my townhouse, and made and received several calls. All of my kindle books were already on my phone, and I clicked on one, and started reading. My Google email and contacts were added easily. I added a few apps and overall it was smooth and easy to adapt to my needs. My only complaint was the quality of photos taken with the camera. Not a deal breaker.
awesome phone Not sure what all the hate is about its a really nice phone I had a Windows 8 phone for the last two years and the firephone blows that one away really happy with it and I hope Amazon continues to support the phone
This is my first smart phone. I thought I loved it until I ... This is my first smart phone. I thought I loved it until I try to connect a wireless Bluetooth speaker to it and I tried to get the google app for my Veryfit bracelet.. I tried calling Mayday, but they had trouble downloading the bracelet app also. I am still trying with the speakers. I hope they improve on the phone with the google playstore apps on it too.
The battery life is horrible and the phone gets hot The battery life is horrible and the phone gets hot. Tried to return it but didn't think I should have to pay a $35 restocking fee. So now I am stuck with it. It does have some cool features but I cant enjoy them because I am too busy charging my phone.
dead phone all the EQULIZER APPS do not work on this phone. I cannot see the screen its got the same problems as the Motorola Zoom Tablet. out side light will black out the screen,. also media player apps that got Equalizers on it. well the EQ on it dose not work. there is no Micro SD slot because HOLLYWOOD bitched about pirate movies on people making copies of it.. That kills sales on Micro SD cards causing prices to go up. and also put people who make MICRO SD cards out of business. . and these people who make MICRO SD CARDS, SD CARDS and what not is doing a honest job so we can use our cameras Better off trying to get a Samsung phone. a Samsung phone is not international or unlocked. at least there is a Micro SD slot and there is a stronger chance to find a EQUALIZER to work,
This would be a awesome phone if only it allowed the use of google ... This would be a awesome phone if only it allowed the use of google play and google services. Its basically a Android operating system but heavily veiled with amazons fire os. If you dont rely on google apps such as chromecast etc then this is actually a pretty nice phone with some useful features.
Kindle FANATIC is not a Fire phone fanatic :'( I have to admit I was EXCITED to have another Kindle product. Being an Amazon junkee and all, this was like Christmas in July....WOW what a let down for me. When your 3G SIII Mini is easier to maneuver than this phone, that says something. Graphics - BEAUTIFUL! Camera photos - WONDERFUL....having to shake, flick, move your hand to have your phone advance - TERRIBLE!! Ability to change ringtones to songs? Non existent. Back button? Not found....oh wait, there it is....you have to quickly flick your finger to have it show up for 2 seconds....uh oh, it's gone now....bank app locks you out when you can't return to your main screen with a back button. MUST be able to bank via cell due to the fabulous Baracuda internet web locks at my day job. Solution per Mayday? Reload app after clearing cache and reload....there you are back button....oh wait....2 seconds later, gone again. After 48 of frustration, RETURNED to AT&T. Hello HTC One G8. Instantly in love. And BEWARE - Yes you can return your phone to AT&T if you are not satisfied...prepare to pay a 35.00 restocking fee. Please know that just because it didn't satisfy me, it might YOU. I am just a android fan and will continue to be ,even though my Kindle Fire HD is the bomb!!
Four Stars Awesome phone. Only downfall is the limited app store.
New experience, working out nicely! I really appreciate not having to call to listen to my voicemails everytime; I just choose the contact that called & press play to hear their message. I will say that I am used to having an Android for Google apps so it was kind of hard getting used to not being able to download all the apps I usually I have but it is a great phone overall. Great picture quality on the camera. Love the alternating security screens. I wake up to something new every day!
Love this phone Love this phone. When I got it, I wasn't looking for it to operate like an iPhone or an android. You can however down load the Google play store. I got a free year of prime with my phone, so just like with Amazon's tablets, this phone was a great deal. I love picture quality, dynamic perspective is awesome, I just love the phone, I love that it's different and unique. I don't love Amazon taking them off the market or that this is it, no more nothing. I want more from from Amazon. You had a great idea now follow through. If there's a glitch, fix it but don't be done.
Great phone! People, take a few minutes to learn this phone. Any bad reviews are just people who haven't took the time to learn. It is a great phone for syncing with other Amazon devices, I have a fire TV, and 3 kindles for my kids. Music app is better than itunes, as long as you are a Prime user, same with movies. Way better than my old iPhone!
I wanted to love it and I did I wanted to love it and I did, it has all the features I like and want. I love the size the weight of it and the way the screen is. The firefly is amazing feature that is the gravy. The amazon prime is another bonus. All and all love this phone I'm hooked. One note I bought a screen protector and luckily I found out the screen protector was causing the phone not to work properly be careful when you make a purchase on the screen protector use mayday before you buy a protector. Great phone ! Very happy customer.
... for about a month now and I am very pleased. We also have Kindle's and we love the ... I have had my Fire phone for about a month now and I am very pleased. We also have Kindle's and we love the way they interact and how easy having that knowledge helped me know how to use most everything on the phone. How much easier could it be when you have Mayday available and can talk to a real person with any questions.
Prime softens the blow, but it's not enough. I got this phone from AT&T so it might not show up as a verified purchase, but I'm writing this review with on my Amazon Fire phone right now. I was afraid to buy this through Amazon for some reason, I didn't know how to get it hooked up to my AT&T service if I did. Probably should've just went ahead with it through Amazon though, cause I want to return this thing so badly I can't stand it. AT&T won't give me a refund on this because I exceeded my 14 day limit by 2-3 days. For $650, this phone is not worth it. I usually don't review things I don't like on Amazon, but I'm particularly upset with this purchase. I love Amazon to death, I seriously look to this website to buy something before I even consider anywhere else. I love prime, in fact I absolutely adore prime, and that's the one thing that's keeping this a three star review. The prime integration on this phone is a great feature, and the free year of prime is also very nice cause it feels like I bought a $550 phone instead of $650. Helps soften the blow a bit. The phone itself isn't bad I guess, dynamic perspective is a gimmick and I didn't realize that until after my two week return period. I don't even use firefly, so that's a waste to me. At $650 you can get MUCH better phones, like the Samsung galaxy s5, the LG G3, or the iPhone 5S. I came to this phone because it was new, I was sick of having an iPhone. I had a 5, it got stolen, and I went to my old iPhone 4 for a while, and I'd rather have the iPhone 4 than the Amazon fire phone. I just wish I would've went and returned this earlier, and yes I realize that that is totally my fault. I should've bought this phone directly from Amazon I guess, cause I'm well within the thirty day limit. Oh well, guess I'm just stuck with it for a while. As far as the build quality and call quality I have got to give this phone credit there. I've never heard calls so clear on any phone in my life. The build quality is good, I like the rubber edges around the side of the phone for some reason. The phone feels nice, it's not too heavy, not too thick, but it still feels sturdy. And this screen size has grown to be my favorite of the phones that I've played with. The speaker quality is a little weird, they have decided to put one on top and one on the bottom, I guess to try to give more of a surround sound feel to it? I don't know, but I'm not the biggest fan of it. My auxiliary cable won't work with the phone which kind of ticked me off. It had this horrible hissing clicking sound, might be something I was doing, I don't know. But the cable worked fine with my iPhones. Dynamic perspective is pretty awful most of the time, it will work when I don't want it too, and it won't work when I want it too. Having the side menus is great, having the top down menu is great as well. This phone is very cleanly laid out, everything on my home pages is aesthetically pleasing. There are some key features for me that definitely need to be fixed, such as the text tone. Every time I send a text when I have my ringer on, it makes this dumb noise that I can't get rid of unless I have my ringer turned off. Every time you try to turn the ringer off, it lets out a loud click letting you know how loud your ring tone will be, well that's fine and dandy and all, but you can't turn that feature off. So when I try to put it on vibrate or silent, I have to hear this loud click before I can change it. I know I can go to my settings and change it there, but I shouldn't be forced to hunt and dig through my phone to change the ringer volume without a loud noise coming from it, I should be able to turn off the clicking, test tone like sound in the settings, I think. I also can't change my media volume without letting something start to play for a little bit. While I can go to my settings and change this, it's very inconvenient. All of this could've been fixed with a switch on the side to change your phone from ring to silent, because that opens up the possibility to make your ring volume non adjustable with the volume switch. This phone has potential, but it just doesn't deliver for the cost, and unfortunately I didn't realize that until it was too late return it. Really really wanted to love this phone, but I just can't. I feel like I got screwed buying it since its enormous price tag can be matched by phones that are without a doubt better in most, if not all, aspects. The lack of returning ability didn't affect this review, it's as honest as I can make it. However, if I could've returned it I wouldn't have said anything about it at all.
A Good choice for the frugal I have had it six months and it's still working just about the same as it did when it came out of the box. Camera is good quality and the speed is more than satisfactory. Battery is still good and the flashlight button is handy. Sometimes internet pages freeze up but all you have to do is reboot the browser and it will work fine from there. If you don't want to spend a small fortune on a cell phone or be tied to a carrier this phone is a great choice.
Amazon should let Google Play Apps run on Fire While I like the Fire better than my iPhone, I can't just fully cut over because too many Apps are missing from the Fire. For example, who can live without Uber? And my bank Apps are not on Fire: Regions, Citi, and Bank of the Internet are all missing. Google Docs and Drive are also missing without going thru a third party app, which would expose my Google password to a 3rd party. The Fire is too good to return, but these missing apps better show up soon.
and it has been extremely easy for me to figure out how everything works I am really enjoying getting acquainted with my new Fire phone. It's my first smartphone ever, and it has been extremely easy for me to figure out how everything works. I've been pretty much addicted to it for the past few days.
Fabulous! Love it - virtually no bloat ware!! I have used this phone for almost 6 months now and have found it to be flawless. I am bewildered about the negative reviews... I am very suspicious of media reviews since the biggest companies buy the most ads, they are probably biased in favor of its products...
I'm loving my fire phone. It is doing everything ... I'm loving my fire phone. It is doing everything I wanted and more. It's missing a couple of things that every other phone has had, such as an alarm and calculator. I may just be missing those things, but oh well. It is a little daunting running a completely new O.S. But I'm enjoying my experience so far.
Not as well crafted and as well thought out as ... Not as well crafted and as well thought out as I would have though an Amazon product would be. WERE IS THE BACK BUTTON! Plus the screen continues to go black and freeze constantly. The font is to small and there is no font app to change the size. The zoom feature is not much of a help. I had very high hopes for this phone and was let down on so many levels. I even switched to AT&T in order to get this phone and I was screwed on both fronts. SMH
Disappointing From the beginning, I had high expectations about this product. Amazon fired the engineers who created this phone, and will not produce any more. A true disappointment, my Fire Phone had severe bugs such as the lock screen freezing not letting me activate the phone, to being unable to hang up, to completely dying and not being able to turn it on again. I wish I could get my money back. Terrible product.
Heavy, hearty phone - definitely my new favorite I am liking this phone, especially as someone who fully uses the benefits of Amazon Prime. Some reviewers may call the interface overly complicated, but I'd just call it different. Once you learn it, it actually makes sense and is very easy to use. The real problem with learning how to use this phone is more or less the challenge of breaking out of the 'muscle memory' reflexes of using your old phone. All of my major apps are already on the market. If you aren't comfortable with buying the phone without first seeing what's on the market for it (a problem I've had with past phones), you can go into the Google Apps department of the site and filter for Fire Phone apps. My experience thus far has been, if it's there, then it works on the phone. I -LOVE- the build of this phone. It's heavy. Every smartphone I've ever bought seems to have struggled with making a 'lighter, more paper-thin' phone -- you know, the kind of phone that you forget is there, gets easily broken, and slips right out of your hand. This phone has the dimensions of a modern smartphone, but feels like a brick. One word of caution -- the battery seems to drain incredibly fast (not surprisingly). I charged this phone before using it, and it had dropped to 75% while I was still going to through the tutorials, adding apps, and checking my contacts.
The fire phone it's actually and amazing phone, I love the fact that it also ... The fire phone it's actually and amazing phone, I love the fact that it also comes with Amazon prime for a year. I can watch movies and shows from my fire phone and it's easy to shop from the Amazon webpage. A+++
great hardware. stupid software. I hate the low battery warning so much. It always goes off. All... the ...time... Also, it hates anything google. If you like the play store and Google maps and stuff. Avoid. It has great hardware. Just the software sucks.
Awesome Phone love it! Best Camera, and fast loading time you can't beat the price either.! I love my Amazon Fire Phone, it has so many features on it I have never seen with other smart phones, and this 13 MP camera? There are no words for how wonderful it is. This phone is fast. And it works with Straight Talk, which I was highly pleased to find out. Also works with T- Mobile as well. The only thing right now is, I just got this phone Monday and knew automatically it needed a case for it and a screen protector, and the very day I was coming home to it, the phone dropped and the screen shattered, but I am going to get the screen repaired soon. I was going to buy another, but they are out of stock oh well. Please come back into stock with this phone Amazon! It was really wonderfully priced!!!
Not what I was expecting I am finally able to admit that I really dislike this phone. I love my kindle and thought from everything I had read that I would love this phone as much. I do NOT!! I hate that I can't get apps that are not by amazon. I miss snap chat!! Anytime someone sends me an emoticon from another phone, it comes across like a symbol that's a cross between a rat and a cock roach. My pictures won't fit right on my lock screen. The calendar alarms are very limited and they don't truly alarm. I love the dynamic perspective. I even enjoy the firefly on occasion. Outside of that, I'm just not real thrilled. I have tried very hard to convince myself that this phone is good, but, I give up. It's just not what I expected.
I like it....I would give it 3.5 stars I like having the designated button for the camera so I can take pictures easily and quickly when I want. I've never had an iPhone or any of the Samsung phones so can't compare the quality of pictures. I do like the quality of the pictures I have taken. I also like the voice feature, but wish it would function better. This feature seems to "have a problem" too often and I like using it if I'm driving so I can read or send a text without typing. Actually, I use this feature a lot when I'm not driving. I find it easier than typing on the face of the phone...I prefer a phone with a keyboard. I'm waiting for an upgrade on this feature so it will do more and function better. Overall...I really like my new Fire Phone.
App and display are not intuitive. The fire phone apps have a lot to be desired. File structure is not-intuitive. Transferring of personal pictures, videos, music should be straight forward but the apps are not designed to serve that way. To transfer videos you have to drop the files in pictures folder. If pictures folder is not present you can create one. However, creating a video folder would not work. Same is the story with music folder. I loved my LG android. Often going back to the last page is not easy.
great phone so I have jad my phone for almost a.month and of course I was excited to get it ! and I love my phone so much. <3 I mean.im.stuck with it for the next two years so.I suppose.I.ought.to lol. but anyway, its awesome. the navigation took a while to figure out but if your on facebook and you cant get off a picture you click drag you finger from the right bottom corner to the top.left corner and ive been doing that for whenever I get stuck.on a screen and its been.navigating like a charm. im still getting used to this.large key board but the phone is great. I love the camera.<3 and.my battery lasts for freaking ever. I can go to.work on a.10 hr shift on 49% and walk.out either high 30s or.at 40% so its been.like perfect and it hasnt died yet and.im always forgetting a charger. I love my mew phone. I just wish I.has.snapchat lol. but if fits nice in.my hands its ad tall as a.galaxsy s4 just not as wide which is good for tight.pockets.
This is a great phone with advance technology This is a great phone with advance technology. Its release to the market brought consumers additional choice in mobile phone selection. The size is just perfect for one hand use. Sound clarity compares to no other phone I have used. The first appearance of this phone beat many other phones that have been in the market for several years. It rose straight to the top and compared favorably with rather the leading brands.
I really wanted to love it I love my Kindle Fire. I wanted to love the Fire Phone. Within 36 hours, I had decided to return it. The screens freeze a lot. You cannot delete multiple people out of the contact lists. One app did supposedly, but everyone I follow on Twitter shows up when I scroll thru to find someone to call. Deleting 2000 people one at a time is necessary for above problem because the book is so huge it won't download with my car's Bluetooth to be able to hands free call. There's no easy way to pin apps for easy access that I figured out off the bat. There are too many steps to check to see if you have notifications if you turn the sound off. It times out about half the time when looking up a web page. You are supposed to be able to sideload Android apps not in the Amazon app. Haven't been successful not being routed thru the Google play store. The Fire doesn't like the store and store won't recognize the phone. Instagram won't recognize my Twitter account. I don't need to see Candy Crush recommendations as I scroll across most used apps because it's consumer focused with recommendations under every icon. I like the Firefly feature in theory, but it's not necessary. The dynamic perspective is cool. I still haven't figured out the purpose of 5 forward facing cameras, but you can do panoramic shots.
give fire phone a chance Thits phone is actually pretty good.good specs. Awesome reception. Good camera. 32 gb memory. I like how I'm able to download certain movies or shows on Amazon video. Gorgeous screen. Just wish battery life was a little better. Overall, very happy with it & would recommend it.
Way to incompatible with Android apps!!! Updated 08/18: At my AT&T store this weekend with my son & him buying a Samsung phone. I learned that I could nave returned the Fire Phone within two weeks of it's purchase. Wish I would have known that before (my fault). I certainly would have done so. The inability to use Android Apps is really irritating!!!!! Original: I knew that some Android apps would not be compatible with the Fire Phone, but this is ridiculous! Very popular items using GPS such as the INGRESS game and Geocaching.com's apps will not recognize the phone because of the extensive messing around with the operating system that Amazon has done. I have to live with it for 18 months, then I'm going back to a real Android phone!
I love my kindle and the apps I have So, I read the reviews, the negative reviews bf I bought the phone, but I got it anyways. I figured I had 14 days to figure out if I wanted to keep it or not. After almost 3 weeks of having the phone, the only thing I regret is not getting the 64 gb phone. I love my kindle and the apps I have, so I figured I would at least like the Fire phone. Since I didn't have overly high expectations as some reviewers seemed to have, I am quite pleased with the phone. Some negatives with the phone is you can't access the Google Play Store. If your phone doesn't have it already installed, then you can't get it because it's not downloadable (which is junk). I had to look to see if the apps I use pretty regularly was available on Amazon. That would have been a deal breaker. Yeah, it would be nice to have the Shop Your Way Rewards app, but it took up a lot of space and I don't need, need it. I forget already what other apps I couldn't find on the Amazon app store. But there have been some I wanted but they were only available on iTunes or Google Play. Oh, there's no Zedge app, but I can download direct from their site. One thing I absolutely hate, hate, hate is that I can't customize my ringtones. I used to personalize for my family and friends. I also hate that I can't just swipe people's names to call them. I have to go to their name and the click either call or text. With my old Samsung, I could just go to a person's text message and swipe their name to start a phone call. I guess I have to find out if there's a more extensive user guide to see if I can program speed dial #'s and see what other ways to customize the phone. For my alarms, I downloaded an alarm app where I can customize the notification tones (use ones I downloaded from Zedge). This app also serves as a radio (streams different genre stations from all over the world). The ringtones choices need to be better. They pretty much all sound the same -- like bells. Like phone ringing bells. I think there's only 1 that actually sounds like a song. So overall, I like the phone. It's not too big like the other choices I had. It came with free Prime which I still haven't used yet. There have been pitfalls to no Google Play Store and limited phone capabilities, but there maybe ways around it if you're willing too look for it. Hope this helps someone. It's all about what your preferences are ...and what's important to you ...
Great phone. I was kind of afraid at first Great phone. I was kind of afraid at first, maybe skeptical is a better word, but as soon as I got this phone, I immediately fell in love. It's no iPhone, and no Samsung galaxy but for what it is and what is consists of, it is a great phone that anyone should love.
At first I must say I was disappointed primarily because of having my mind set on the ... My wife brought this phone home for me instead of the new Galaxy. At first I must say I was disappointed primarily because of having my mind set on the galaxy and knowing nothing about the fire phone. I have been using the phone for about 3 weeks now and I must say I am impressed. The phone is well made has a comparable processor to all of the other top of the line phones on the market as well as RAM. It app market is pretty extensive not quit as good as Android or apples yet but getting ther. One of the biggest perks to the phone is it came with a free one year subscription to Amazon Prime which would ordinarily cost you $185.00 for a one year subscription. This makes thousands of free downloads available from songs to movies, kids shows even some audio books. Also adds and additional discount to many of the products for sale on Amazon as well as free 2 day shipping. To me this is a great perk and a hell of a sales pitch from Amazon to help sell the phone. Truly at this time.the only 2 cons I have found are 1: there is no MicroSD slot to expand storage on the phone and you can eat up 32gigs pretty quick with the ability to download free movies and songs and 2: there are not any major name brand case companies manufacturing a good quality case like life proof or otter box so the risk to someone like myself who is notorious for breaking his smart phones pretty high with no real options to protecting it. Other than that I would defiantly recommend this phone can't wait to see if they keep up with the product like they have the Kindles and see if some of the after market companies jump aboard in the manufacturing after market cases and accessories.
Second time around I love the ability to immediately shop at the Amazon site and utilize my prime benefits. The phone lags behind in its Android like capabilities. The app store needs much improvement. My first device crashed before it hit its first year anniversary. If it hadn't been for my prime benefits and my kindle unlimited membership, I would have opted for another phone.
NOT FOR GMAIL USERS - I really LOVE the phone but hate this version of Android. LOVE THE PHONE BUT IT'S BASICALLY AN ANDROID PHONE WITHOUT GOOGLE I really loved everything about this phone except one thing: It's not an Android phone. I can't load (or sideload) the Google Play Store or Gmail and I count on Gmail big time. Only the most popular non-Google apps are on the Amazon App Store, so that limits things tremendously. If the Amazon email app were as useful or fully synchronized with my Gmail then I would have kept the phone but that was the straw that broke the camels back. I am returning this today and I feel very sad about that because I really want to promote alternative OSs and I really LOVE LOVE LOVE my Amazon Kindle Fire tablet. I really wanted a phone version of the tablet that I could really use instead of feel like I'm left out because I'm a Gmail user like millions of others out there. For a smartphone, Gmail IS the killer app and Amazon doesn't have it and doesn't want to get it.
Works great. No problems with the phone. Works great.
Fire Phone isn't as bad as people claim it is Why do people hate this phone so much? I mean it does have it's bugs but overall the phone works great for me. Pros: Excellent Picture and Video Quality 1 year Amazon Prime Amazing Audio Base Apps (apps that come with the phone) sync completely with everything you do on Amazon Sturdy Build Cons: Buggy sometimes apps would close randomly although rarely Battery life is lacking but it's not a nuisance Other than that the phone works great just needs a few updates and it can compete with the elite phones on the market today.
cool at first, then very disappointing I loved it at first. It has cool gadgets and tricks, but they excitement of having a new phone soon wears off. It had very limited apps and I feel like some thing different stops working each day. First I couldn't send direct messages on Instagram then mute of my apps became incompatible and now the audio Jack only works with their headphones and no speakers. It's getting more and more frustrating and I'm sad that I blew my money.
I became quickly disappointed. I was using a Samsung Galaxy I pre-ordered this phone after reading some preliminary reviews and seeing some of the videos. I was eagerly anticipating it. However, once I received it and began playing around with it, I became quickly disappointed. I was using a Samsung Galaxy, so there was a bit of a learning curve getting used to the new OS. That wasn't too bad. I prefer the button placement on the Galaxy though. The Fire doesn't have any buttons on the right side, which is odd, if you are right-handed. You can't grab it with one hand and power it on and begin using it. My opinion, but I expect many others would feel this way too. The main reason I am returning the phone is the horrible app selection. I am a runner and use my phone to track my runs. This is the make-or-break app category for me. I am currently using nikeplus to track my runs, so I was disappointed to see that it wasn't available. I was even more surpised to see that RunKeeper and Endomondo weren't there either. However the lack of ANY OTHER RUNNING APP was the complete deal breaker. Searching for 'run/run app/running' yields a plethora of Temple Run, Granny Run, Toilet Paper run, etc apps. so if you like that kind of thing, you are all set. Many, many other apps are also not available... anyone ever hear of LinkedIn? MyFitnessPal? I think the phone has a chance of being better in a year once there are more apps, but it will always trail iphone and android phones for app selection. Why did they fork the code again??? Why not release the SDK earlier? EPIC FAIL
As a base level phone (. 99 with contract) ... As a base level phone (.99 with contract) this phone can't be beat. I had no problem with app availability, though I did side load a couple. I did not find the lack of Google apps a problem but I've never been heavy into the Google environment.
(Edited) Not Terrible I wanted to love this phone, but overall, it is a literal piece of crap. As a person who loves social media, this phone does not meet my needs. You don't have Snapchat, the new updates for Facebook, FB Messenger, and Pinterest* are not available. When browsing the web, the phone sometimes freezes. If you close out of a window, it will keep reappearing every single time you open the browser again unless you restart the phone. When taking pictures, it takes longer than it should for the camera to focus. It seems to run on Android, but there's no freaking Google Play. I'm so done with this thing. I feel like I wasted my money and there's no getting it back. I would have gotten rid of it by now (I've had it for over a year!) if I could afford something better. DO NOT BUY THIS! ** Update I followed the instructions a commenter left me about how to install Google Play. Since then, I have been able to enjoy my phone to its full potential. I do still have issues with the web browser and I also still experience a lag in the camera, but the amount of apps I have right at my fingertips has expanded tremendously. Battery life seems to drop by the day. That may be due to how I use my phone, which is way more than I would like to admit. I still believe that there is much room for improvement and I am still searching for a new phone that is right for me and suits my needs without having to jump through hoops. It's not the lowest of the low, but it's also not a phone I would ever have interest in purchasing again.
I like it but the battery life is not great... I upgraded from s2 galaxy phone. So I'm not a super picky person when it comes to technology. the camera is amazing. It takes great pictures. Sometimes I accidently take pictures when I'm trying increase the volume on the phone. Texting is easy. One of my complaints is when Im on the phone people can't hear me. It's so frustrating. So when I am on the phone I have to be on speaker phone. The battery life is super short. I bought a external battery pack because I intend on keeping the phone because I hope they're able to fix the issues. May Day is great. I used it the first day I received the phone. The dynamic perspective is fun to show people. I really wished the basics like voice calls and battery life were up to par with the other phones on the market or at least better. I'm hopefull it will get better.
I wanted to love it! I wanted to love it but it just has too many issues. First the positive: 1. Their version of "siri" is a lot better. She actually understands what you are asking 99% of the time 2. Sturdy and tough. I don't use a case and don't feel like a need it. 3. The dynamic screen is cool. The negative: 1. You can't increase the small text size on texts. You can for email. 2. Half the time I won't get notifications for phone calls and/or voice mails. The only way I'll get them is when I go to that app to make a phone call and THEN it will pop up that I have all these missed calls. 3. You can't get a lot of common apps, for ex. Target cartwheel 4. Huge learning curve. Things are hard to figure out and when I use the mayday help, usually they don't have an answer for me. I'll end up figuring it out after researching myself. For ex., I switched from an iphone and called to see how to transfer my contacts over. Mayday told me there was no way to do it. It turns out there is an AT&T app that was super easy to transfer them over. If I had listened to Mayday, I would have spend days manually entering contacts. Basically, it looks pretty and cool but I'm really regretting switching from iphone and now I'm stuck with it for 2 years because I got the At&T 2 year contract to make it free. I would have been REALLY upset if I had actually paid for it. I now just use this phone for texting and the occasional call and use my ipad for everything else.
Not Ready for Prime Time. Let me say that Amazon is my favorite company bar none. I have been a customer since its website went live. Their customer service has gone the extra mile on several occasions to ensure that I was a satisfied customer. Today I am still a loyal customer even though I can find products cheaper elsewhere, the combination of very fast reliable service keeps me making 90% of my online purchases from Amazon. I am a big fan of the Kindle I started with the second generation and have purchased three and won one in an online contest. Now on to the Fire phone. After waiting for months in anticipation I am now sorry to say after seeing all the reviews and trying one owned by a coworker I will not be buying one. The biggest issue for me is the Fire OS does not allow access to all the Google apps. I would have to give up dozens of apps I routinely use. The absence of Gmail, YouTube, Google Drive and maps is a huge negative in my book. The navigation seems over-complicated and counter intuitive. Confusing menus (a couple of times I was lost just trying to go back to the previous screen) made for a frustrating experience. It has a mediocre battery life at best with no way to replace the battery with a backup. No support for 4.0+LE so many Bluetooth devices will not work with it. The lower 720p LCD display resolution is a step backwards when compared to today’s flagship phones. There's no way to organize your apps, personalize the wallpaper and there’s no widget support. Having it locked in to just one carrier makes no sense. Even if you purchase it at full price directly from Amazon the phone is locked. Visually its heavy blocky design makes the phone seems more like a prototype rather than a final product. How to fix the Fire phone: 1. Modify the OS 2. Redesign the case 3. Add removable battery 4. Upgrade the battery to 2800mAh 5. Provide a back button 6. Allow the phone to be personalized 7. Improve the Firefly app 8. Solve the rapid overheating problem 9. Increase the screen size and change the LCD display resolution to 1080p 10. Make it $149 on-contract, open it to all carriers 11. Drop the full retail price to $499 for an unlocked version
Best phone and deal of the century. I have been searching for a phone like this forever!!! It has a great picture and fantastic clarity in movies and video and photos. The MayDay feature is awesome for people like me who are not techies and need some help once in a while....talking to a real person on your phone screen to guide you through any problems is awesome. So glad I bought this phone and my husband liked mine so much we bought him one too. A year of free Prime topped off this fantastic package. I would recommend this phone to everyone, you will love it, I promise. Amazon Prime Rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's okay. I love my Kindle Fire, so I chose the phone. As a phone, it is okay. The camera is pretty good. The real selling point to the phone was the year of amazon prime. Hopefully getting more interesting apps added will make this phone better.
Amazon redeemed themselves! Someone from Amazon got a hold of me after seeing my review and was able to send me a replacement phone. I'm disappointed that I had to take it so far in order to get a solution but I'm glad that I don't have to deal with a cracked screen or pay for a new one. I am a huge Amazon fan, Kindles, Fire TV, Kindle FreeTime, Amazon Prime, so this phone is perfect for me. Thanks Amazon, I love you again!! I bought this phone in August and 2 months later the screen cracks. Apparently this phone is too new and no one has the glass on hand to replace it. Not even Amazon or AT&T!! I have been on the phone for the past 2 days with Amazon, AT&T and all cell phone repair companies in a 50 mile radius and there is no solution other than to buy a new $550 phone. I have bought 6 Amazon devices including kindles, phone, Fire TV, not to mention weekly Amazon shopping as a prime member. Amazon tells me there is no way to get a discount and nothing they can do for me. I am very disappointed in the lack of solutions.
LOVE this phone!!! DON'T GIVE UP, AMAZON!! I love this phone! I was never involved in the Apple or Google networks so this phone was perfect for me. I've had it now for over a month and had no issues. I don't understand why so many gave it low ratings.. I've had no problems with the OS and I haven't had any problems with normal phone usage. Firefly is a handy tool especially if you hear a song on the radio that you don't know anything about or if you aren't sure what the show/movie is called that's playing on the TV. People love the 3-D effect of the scenes and they also love Monkey Buddy. The sound is excellent when listening to music and is louder than you'd expect from a cell phone. Quality and sound on video are also excellent. Battery life is good and it charges up fairly quickly. I have a Kindle HDX so I was happy to see that the phone is like a little Kindle. All my books and content that were on Amazon and in my cloud are on my phone including pictures, video, apps and music. Overall, I am very happy with the Fire Phone and I'm glad that I ignored all the negative reviews and gave it a chance. :) UPDATE: I've had my phone for 1 1/2 years and I still love it. I've never had any major issues and it works as good now as when I got it. I do wish there were more of the 3-D lock screens and I do wish there were more ringtones compatible and an easier way to get them but overall, I love my phone and I hope that Amazon doesn't give up. I would love to see another version in the future!!
This is the first phone to lure me away from my iphone I love this phone. It does everything well. I even love the silly 3D features. I was amazed by Mayday. So far everything I've done with the phone worked the first time, apps load quickly, the phone quality is great, it's easy to use and the interface is nicely optimized. Its main disadvantage is the lack of apps. So far no Uber, and no Zagat, those are the 2 that I miss the most. My guess is that Amazon will move quickly to bridge this gap, because other than that, this phone has made me a believer.
Fantastic and terrific gadget Fantastic and terrific gadget. Please wait for two years before making the fire phone 2. Or call it fire echo 2, with a little bite of echo function like the Bluetooth. I wish I could get the echo Bluetooth .Great job amazon.
so far so good So far the phone works great. My only complaint would be a lot of apps I used and loved aren't available. But I have noticed a few are making their way to the app store and that's great. Definitely love the prime membership.
Worst Decision of my LIFE!!! Absolutely worst Decision of my life. I had my iPhone 4s for 3 years only replace it once. I've had the fire phone for 6 months and replaced it 5 times. I work for AT&T so when we watched the slide show it looked amazing but once you have it it is awful. Their no apps, the stupid music store pops up all the time the camera button is the same as firefly so if you hold it down a second to long trying to get the camera firefly will pop up. The phone freezes all the time. The only thing that's good is it's bigger than the 4s, bigger memory, and the batter last longer that's it. I can't use my fit bit app to sync because it's not compatible, you can't use the myat&t app because it tells you it needs an update by Amazon deleted off the market place so now you have an app that doesn't work that your stuck with. It's just a disaster of a phone. And all customer care will do is replace it with a certified refurbished fire phone. I don't want a new piece of crap I want a different phone. You definitely get what you pay for!!!!
Fire Phone - maybe better not locked into AT&T I really wanted to like this phone. I have used Kindle Fire tablets, and like the carousel home screen, it always picks up where you left off. The Fire Phone does the same thing, very well. You can see email from the carousel without opening the app, very handy and convenient. Most of the troubles I had may be related to AT&T. Dropped calls, txt messages delayed an hour or more. Very frustrating. The worst was when the built in apps - phone , messaging, etc disappeared. I couldn't find them in Amazon app store. My phone was basically a mini tablet. I was able to use the MayDay app, and tech support appeared right away. We could not figure out how to restore the phone app. I finally did a google search and the only option was to do a factory reset. Tech support agreed that would be the only way. Other problems I had were the phone shutting off without my realizing it. And the flick of the wrist thing worked about half of the time. Pros - Nice design, great screen for watching TV/Movies and sounds pretty good. Like the home screen setup. Firefly worked well on finding products, songs, movies, very handy. Cons - AT&T service really bad. Quirks with software or hardware that occasionally didn't work as designed. Maybe the next version will be better. I went back to my iPhone 4s and Verizon.
Basically a NoPhone This phone came up short on all expectations, even the basic ones. It periodically denies all calls and fails to register those missed/voicemails. When this happens I check my att account to make sure that it is not a service error and discover that my entire call history did register. As other consumers noted the screen locks. For those who think that bad reviews come from those unable to get desired apps onto their device, well, I found a google play store crack and have been employing that to download an extended variety of apps. If you want this phone for music you waste your time. The music app will not even work with but a single song on it. You can use a third party service effectively, but when I buy music from Amazon I do expect their app to work with that music. The phone looks great on paper and not too bad when powered down, but the second you turn it on expect disappointment. Background: purchased unlocked phone June 2015. Call features began deteriorating within a month. Music app never worked quite right. Texting with lock up and you will not receive messages until reseting your device, of course there is no way of telling until someone asks why you have been blowing them off, which is such fun. The internet browser is as good as any other phone. The camera captures clear images. Some ups and some downs, but I bought a phone. Amazon, do not sell a phone that cannot call and text. If you want a phone of this caliber save a few hundred dollars and purchase a nophone.
Five Stars Very good phone, very easy to use.
Fire Phone is on Fire!!! i bought this phone for my 14 year old son after he dropped his LG3....we are both happy with the durability of the fire phone. we love the 3d that it displays and for me, it is very easy to work. 5 stars hands down!!
Firefly needs offline functionality Fun to use. Excellent battery life (with the new firmware update). Love to use Dynamic Perspective, Firefly, and Prime. The only downside is that to be able to use Firefly you need a cell signal - which you probably won't have if you're in a store. Firefly needs offline functionality.
Try it before you buy it! I tried to like it... Im tired of apple and its mass marketed phone, that has practically no innovative features.. it feels like the Iphone is virtually the same phone since its release.... I dont like Android because since there are many flavors of it and many many manufacturers of the phone, the OS is doomed to crash eventually on almost every phone.... I liked the idea of the fire phone because it closely resembles the Apple philosophy: one company that makes the hardware and the software...based on that Idea I wanted to switch from iOS to Amazon OS. I had the chance to play with a fire phone for a couple of days and I was convinced that Amazon released it before its time... there is much more to improve on the OS side... I think that the hardware part is ok, but the OS part I can only describe it as a castrated version of android OS....much like the HP WebOS... its not bad but has a lot of room for improvement. I would suggest you try one before you buy one.
Nice try, Epic fail! The phone works well. The screen is good. The camera works well. The battery lasts several days. The only bad thing, and it would have been a deal breaker IF I had known about it beforehand, is the abject lack of usable apps. None of the Google apps that I used a lot, things like Square, Navigator, etc will run on the Amazon Fire phone. I will be getting rid of it as fast as I can because it does almost nothing of what I need it for.
and after a year the features arent cool or needed Lacking developers for a lot of major apps, slow OS, and after a year the features arent cool or needed. Just annoying. Worst phone I've ever owner. I expected more. Got the phone in AUG 2014. I cant wait to upgrade. Wasted getting this instead of an Iphone. Biggest regret.
In all the phone is great. It does what a phone supposed to do ... In all the phone is great. It does what a phone supposed to do make call, texts and etc. Only thing it lack s is apps which is not a deal breaker. What made it a sweet deal was Amazon give you free one year worth of Amazon prime. The phone has like a 3d feel to it. For instance the screen reacts to hand or head movement.
ok while it lasted I had good service in my area with my iphone 4. I got the fire phone as a gift and used it with my current carrier and could no longer get a signal anywhere. Other than that I loved it. Up until it stopped working a few months later. It is now completely dead and I'm back to my old iphone 4.
Why hasn't this phone taken off like a jet?? This is a beautiful phone. Very easy to use and some of the features blow my mind, Firefly and Dynamic Perspective are really cool. I love the lock screen pics that move as you tilt your phone and/or head. I upgraded from an iPhone 4 so the speed and storage capacity are far beyond what I'm used to. The one free year of Amazon Prime included with purchase is absolutely awesome! The only drawback for me is that some apps that I like are not available on the Amazon shop but there are ways around that so I am overall very happy with my Fire Phone.
INSULT FROM FROM AMAZON LOVED my phone until the screen cracked. I was anxious to have it replaced by Amazon, but after speaking with a customer service representative on 7/19/16, an out-of-warranty replacement will cost ****$386***** !!!!! DOES AMAZON THINK IM AN IDIOT????
The Fire The fire is a cool device, however, you cannot have pictures or an image in the back screen it's black. You can't see notifications in a locked screen it just shows you you have a text message or email. You don't see how my notifications you have for any apps and your not alerted for them. I have to use my iPhone for some of my other apps because the fire doesn't have them and will not know when they'll be getting them.
Fire Phone Fantastic!!! I love my new Amazon Fire Phone! It is fantastic, fast, and easy to navigate for books, music, and videos. I am so glad I switched to Amazon/At&t with a FREE year of Prime! Thank you Amazon
Its very pretty! Its a nice phone Its very pretty! Its a nice phone. Its very similar to an iPhone, yet at the same time its completely different. I've only had mine maybe a month, so I have a lot to learn still. So far so good.
Great phone! I really like this phone! It functions just like a kindle so as a kindle owner it was easy for me to get used to navigating! Most apps that I use have been available and I have been able to download ones that amazon doesn't have yet from external sites. Ive had the phone for over a month now and still like it!
Great phone for the price Bought this phone about 6 months ago. Great phone for the price and good battery life once you disable the useless Dynamic perspective feature. Was going to buy additional Fire phones for my family but disappointed that it is no longer available. Gets a 4 star instead of a 5 due to many of the apps I normally use are not available through the Amazon app store.
Amazon Fire Phone. I am liking it so far. . .ONGOING At first, I wasn't so sure. But after having for 3 days and getting used to it after switching from the IPhone 4, I am really starting to like it. Love the Free Year of Amazon Prime, which mine was just about to renew, so that was covered just in time. I think if you are an Amazon Prime member, you could love this phone. I like how it has the swivel to get to the side windows. Getting used to the ring tones and alarm sounds. The action time for Apps, seems much faster than for the I Phone I previously had. The camera can be activated automatically by pushing the lower left button without unlocking your phone, and the clarity of pics is pretty clear. Firefly is pretty cool: Just take a picture of a book or DVD or TV show, even, your interested in, and the info and reviews will pop up on your screen. The Voice activated look up feature works really well. Just hold the main button down and say what you want it to find, and it will look for you. I just got my first I-phone 2 years ago with the I-phone 3 when it was free on upgrade, and thought that was magic, so again so far I am liking this phone. . .I also like to read on my phone so there's more space on the phone for reading books, watching shows, listening to music, etc. Now I am having a problem with streaming music. I would think if it is downloaded, you could play the music, and not have streaming issues. Might be just the Wi-Fi, but this is getting annoying. . . Also annoying that they can't automatically let you look up ITunes online and download the music you bought from I-Tunes. On my I Phone, I could get Prime Music on it. Their App Store is also lacking in Apps. Amazon has enough share in the market don't they. They need to allow us to access our Apps and Music Previously downloaded on other devices. Monkey Buddy App that came on the phone was great to keep my one year old niece and pre-k nephew entertained for a good half hour or more while we waiting for an airplane to take off. This app also displays the featured DYNAMIC PERSPECTIVE, which is when you move the phone around you, the game or app is supposed to move with you.
... Kindle user for 5 years and have been very satisfied with the line I have been a Kindle user for 5 years and have been very satisfied with the line. I am on my 3rd Kindle. When the phones came out I knew I wanted one. I just got it in November, I love it!
A bit dissappointed. So I was really excited about this phone. Mainly because I love love love the Kindles I have. But there are several apps that I use that aren't available on Amazon's ecosystem. Plus, last night the home button was messing up, I've only had the phone since last Thursday. And the battery life is not as good as they claim. I know this is their first attempt at a phone and there are great things about the phone, but I'm really considering going back to my old iphone...A bit dissappointed...Sorry Amazon! I won't say don't buy it, if it was my first smartphone, it would probably be okay, in fact awesome. But it's not my first and I think I'm comparing to what I've had in the past. And I have had both Android and Iphones...Love the Android os and the iphone os. Plus I can get my Starbucks app, and other apps on both of the other operating systems and my battery lasted a lot longer.
I got this phone and omg I love it if I don't know what song is on ... I got this phone and omg I love it if I don't know what song is on firefly tells me what's song it is and the pictures it takes Ce out better then the iPhone so me it's worth the money
I love my new phone I love my new phone. Its very innovative and has some really cool features. Only thing Im finding is that the screen freezes and sometimes when your typing the keyboard comes up blank.
It works great, I can read kindle I disagree with the negative reviews on this phone. It works great, I can read kindle, receive email, and make phone calls. Battery life is fine, and screw the Google Play app store.
no future app support Amazon dropping the phone makes it unlikely that developers will publish on the amazon app store, making the phone essentially irrevalent. Would never buy any future Amazon hardware!
I love my fire phone I love my fire phone. For me it was easy to use and it syncs very well with all of my Amazon products. It works just like my kindle. Give this phone a try and you will love it to.
... and and one year of amazon prime is the best phone. Battery last more than enough Based on the price and and one year of amazon prime is the best phone. Battery last more than enough. Really responsiveness. Great display. Camera is good and hardware very resistant. Homescreen respond great for the price. Now if you want to ne ahead of the game in technology pay for another overprice phone.
Liked phone for a bit Liked phone for a bit. Then there were the conflicts with Google.... Cracked the back on a minor fall. NO ONE REPAIRS THESE. Without the ability to get a screen fixed- i'd avoid....
Dynamic Perspective is amazing as us battery life and Amazon Prime UI takes some getting used to. Dynamic Perspective is amazing as us battery life and Amazon Prime!! Only drawback is not all Android apps are Amazon friendly. Great phone overall.
loving the fire phone Phone is great works better than most smartphones I've had. Great features, it's easy to use and feels great in your hands. The early pre launch reviews had me worried but the phone is a solid entry for Amazon. I love it! Would recommend to anyone.
I think this phone is amazing! The only thing that may need some tweeting I think this phone is amazing! The only thing that may need some tweeting, in my opinion, is the speaker phone. It goes in and out of sounding like it is in a box. Also, I use the phone for basic functions. Facebook, Twitter, camera, histogram, email, etc.
awesome phone My last phone was a Windows phone that I really enjoyed having and was sad to move to android phone but I am extremely amazed with the fire phone so I am happy with the change
love it I Love my new phone. I would have given it five stars but something needs to be done to allow for use of common apps such as online banking...other than that it is fantastic!
Soooo bad I love Amazon and I love my kindle fire. This phone started out ok the first month, but as soon as I surpassed the return deadline, the phone started acting up. The screen freezes, swiping doesn't work, the phone will either power down or restart for no reason. Some calls never show up on the call log. Very, very disappointed. I paid 199 for this phone and saw that a month later Amazon was giving this away for 99 cents. Considering letting another carrier buy out my AT&T contract just to get rid of this POS.
awesome phone I have been very impressed with the fire phone. the ease of use and quality is awesome. the only issue i have is the lack of apps in the store...that is always improving.
Good so far So far it is a good phone. The software and sound are good. My phone does not run hot, as others have claimed that is does. On the fence on wether to go back to my Android simply because the Apps are better through the google store.
although I am getting familiar with the fire phone and I love it minus the mentioned mishaps above Using the speakerphone on calls, could be a little louder.. I also miss my speech enabled ability to announce calls ands text messages as well as the ability to read messages... Those are just things I miss, although I am getting familiar with the fire phone and I love it minus the mentioned mishaps above...
I am not sure how I feel about this phone ... I am not sure how I feel about this phone. I have had it for 2 days now and it;s kind of complicated. There was no instruction book included and transferring contacts and information was kind of a hassle. I ended up entering them manually. It also has had a glitch on facebook, whenever I try to look at feedback on my site it times out...and having issues with text messaging. It is showing I have a message but there is not one on there. I even deleted them all and started over. So far I am having mixed reviews.. I will give it a few weeks for me to adjust to it.
An A for effort for sure, but then it's about delivering on quality against the compeition. A good first foray into the highly competitive smartphone market but comes up short. I'm a huge Amazon fan, having bought from them all the way back in the mid 90s when books were all they sold. I see the thinking that went into this phone from various points of view. Come up with exclusive features like Fire Fly and Mayday among others, set the market with your core customer base and give an exclusive to one of the major cell phone carriers. Check all those boxes. ANY new product launch is fraught with problems and issues. The Fire Phone is no different. You can read all the tech information and the early user reviews elsewhere and you should if you're thinking of being loyal to Amazon and get the phone, as I initially did. However, I'm returning the phone because of the following: Battery life really sucks. It gets hot enough to burn your skin after a few hours. The touted exclusive features work OK but not great. I can't get Gmail to work on it. They say it will, but in my case, no way. I understand the war going on here with Google. I need my Gmail for business and this won't cut it. Wrapping up, I'm still a big supporter and fan of Amazon. I have their TV unit which is superb and the HDX which is impressive as well. The phone? eh. I'll wait for the 2d generation to see how many dents they've pounded out from the initial offering. I do give credit for Amazon having taking on the big boys at Android and Apple in particular. Good show there. For now, I'm keeping my Samsung Note 2 until they (Amazon) have figured it out from their sales/customer reviews/results and the attendant remedies they've done before I again consider the APhone2 which I will. UPDATE: (Feb 11, 2015) I reordered the Fire Phone to serve as my in-car 2d/backup phone because loyalty has its place and I do love Amazon for many reasons over the past many years, so their service to me which has always been superb has to be realized. It may sound corny and probably is but that's how I see it. Besides, the Fire Phone is hardly a sacrifice in this realm because of the stand-alone features it provides above and beyond the Apple/Androids of the marketplace. Do I still have concerns about the first offering from Amazon on this phone? Yes, but it feels much better to have it than not, much better to go with what I know about the company and its standards. Touchy-feely review here on the update? Probably, but I won't apologize for it.
There are innovative things about the phone that I love. There are some issues, and that can be expected with any first generation phone, but I was pleasantly surprised. There are innovative things about the phone that I love.
Hey, guys, it's great! I like my Fire Phone! I've used it primarily as a telephone with voice and text messaging, and I love that I can read my Kindle books on it. I am a slow learner with technology, so I haven't used many apps. However, when I need help, the friendly FirePhone helper is right there with the flick of a button. Thanks, Amazon!
Phone woes. I had higher hopes for this phone when I got it. I have had it now for 5 months and my time of owning it has not been a pleasant one. I had to get my original replaced because the gyroscopes not being able to sense when I removed the phone from my face. I was unable to end calls so I had to go into setting and make my lock button my end call button. After that I started having another issue to where if I wanted to press on something I would have to do it indirectly in order to get the thing I wanted to press. Example, if want to click on a Facebook message or comment I will have to press above the comments or message that I want to read just to be able to select the one that I want(I have 2 of these phones the both do the same thing). I also expected more from the dynamic display other then lock screens and kid games. The limited app store is also a MAJOR issue. I got my phone when it was strictly for AT&T so now my att app needs to be updated and can't because the app it self isn't in the store. In my opinion They should open the phone up to be able to access the Google play store till they get there own store up to par. The only thing this phone really offers. For the price you pay it will be a good phone for a child getting there first phone other then that if your an android lover this phone is not for you.
I like the phone and all the features but have one ... I like the phone and all the features but have one issue with button on the side. With phone in pocket, button to launch camera is easily depressed and turns camera on.
THE BEST SECRET AMAZON DIDNT TRY TO KEEP I absolutely love this phone LOVE OVE LOVE it I have been saving to buy more of them. Now they are stopping sales noooooooo can we have all the fire os secrets now?
The camera is GREAT, compared to my iPhone4 The camera is GREAT, compared to my iPhone4. I REALLY like the larger screen. I don't like the fact that I was unable to transfer my calendar from my iPhone4 to the FIRE...still trying to add everything manually. Another downfall, I am unable to use a lot of the Apps I had on my iPhone4; such as Savings finders (Wal-Mart), certain shopping Apps, Cinemax, etc. So I still have to use my iPhone for those Apps to continue my rewards programs, etc. - that REALLY STINKS! It does have some neat features; but had I known I would not be able to use all the same things/apps, I probably would have stuck it out with Apple and gone with the iPhone6.
they dont have the bugs out yet. Have swipe issues and has to be restarted to correct itself it gets slow at times and dialing a number really takes forever I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be considering it cost so much. Finally figured out how to get ringtones
Fire Phone, a great product! I'm so glad that I got the Fire Phone, now that I have used it, I wouldn't want any other phone! I would recommend it to anyone. Thanks AMAZON for a great product.
My opinion after switching from Android to Fire phone I wish the apps that come with the Fire phone would be more robust. Like the Music app, it doesn't even feature an equalizer or any other of the music player free apps. Also, Maps does not have any Bicycle routes? Google maps has it! Basically I have to get on the browser and use Google maps when I am searching for bicycle paths or routes on a map, kinda sad really, since I enjoy the looks of the Fire phone and the Fire OS itself I think It has lot of potential but it is not quite there yet, in comparison with the biggest two OS; IOS & Android. Moreover, I would recommend to go to a store and see how it feels before you buy it since in my opinion is a little heavier than the rest of the phones out there. If you're into apps, do not go for this phone. If you are looking for a phone that is not the same phone that everyone else has and that performs well, looks good and discrete. Please then go for the Amazon Fire phone.
Honestly, my favorite smartphone Everyone said this phone needs work. It doesn't. All it probably needs in my opinion is a sort of cooling system and an extra gig of RAM. This is hands down my favorite smartphone. People, before you give all sorts of hate to Amazon, look at the quality of the phone first. Don't listen to lousy critics. And, you can get the google play store on the phone. Just google it.
Had this stupid phone for 11 months No wonder they discontinued this POS. After 2 mos. I had to buy a new charger, 2 weeks later ANOTHER. Had this stupid phone for 11 months, and regardless of what charger or cord I use, it will not charge. Worst $200 I've ever wasted!!
Great phone, Amazon should let the customer feel like they own the phone though. This phone is very captivating, and Amazon almost got this phone right. Pros: Display, self adjusting awesomeness. Tilt menus, fluid. Menus, very readable. Carousel, neat album art concept for your apps/books. Size and appearance, sleek, slim, comfortable. Camera, pretty clear, color accurate, and quick snapshots. Cons: Simple features just are not supported. Wallpapers/Lockscreens, you get what you're given...(People mention workarounds are buggy.) Disable 4G Bands, not an option. Carousel, adds everything you click on everytime you click on it...(This means you can't refine your home screen without sideloading.) Suggestions: Amazon needs to let users decide how -their- phone appears. Starting with a wallpaper control. Followed by adding an option to lock the carousel without sideloading an alternate application. Other fairly niche options should exists.
I think this would be a perfect phone, but no Not available in my zip code. Really? I'm in Virginia, and I can't get this? I'm in the market for a knew phone, and in my research, I stumble on this. So, I have a kindle, Amazon fire TV, and all the TV / movies I watch I get from prime. So, I think this would be a perfect phone, but no, can't get it in Virginia. I have AT&T (here in Va), whom amazon offers the plan with, but not here. Guess I'll get the Samsung Galaxy after all.
Great Phone I was hesitant at first when I saw the Amazon Fire because I was use to only iphones , plus shopping for a new phone is so hard nowadays because there's so many to choose from and all the companies are trying to shove their phones in your face, but wow! I really like this phone.It has so many features and you can do so many things on it and with it, I'm really glad I bought this phone. I highly recommend the Amazon Fire to everyone.
I love the phone I love the phone. it is different than any other phone on the market. the only hiccup is the lack of popular apps but it is brand new and that will come in time. works amazing with the kindle fire
Great phone I love my 3 fire phones . Camera is great!Bought first fire phone 2 years ago.Working great! Bought 2 more later.I have 3 Amazon tablets. I am an Amazon fan!
I love the Amazon For phone I love the Amazon For phone..it has great dynamic perspective and I love that the picture quality is so greatly..it does so much and it so sleek and sexy...
I am badly in need of research apps like 'research highlights' I am enjoying using it. It has most of the benefits of other expensive phones at affordable price, But many android apps are not compatible with this phone. I don't install much apps. But currently, I am badly in need of research apps like 'research highlights', 'browzine' etc. 'browzine' is compatible with kindle but not with fire phone :(
bring it back Rating of one star due to this phone being discontinued. I was planning on buying one for my son soon, and a new one for myself, and passing my current fire phone on to my younger daughter. Now, if I want one, I'll have to try my luck with eBay. Not happy at all. Bring it back!
this phone is awesome!! As a prime user and kindle fire hd owner, this phone is awesome!!!...All of my apps were available from the cloud....another free year of prime, unlimited cloud storage for photos, prime music, firefly, dynamic perspective are all pluses for me....have't used google play in years, and any app not on amazon can be sideloaded....other than cost (partially offset by free year of prime) and being tied to one provider there is no downside to this phone in my view.
... to move away from iPhone yet have been very satisfied with my new Amazon Fire phone I was a bit worried to move away from iPhone yet have been very satisfied with my new Amazon Fire phone. It's fun and very functional. I love it!
Five Stars Really enjoy the phone
So so disappointed I wanted to love this phone. It is Amazon and I love all things Amazon but this is a complete let down. I cannot block calls. The singular home button is frustrating. The appstore is so small that I find myself having to use third party sources to find all the popular apps I had installed on my android. The speakers do not have a good volume. The design does not allow you to place your phone on a surface and amplify the sound. The camera is great. I have kept this phone because I am an Amazon fanatic. I purchase things all the time and love having it in the palm of my hand. The way it interacts with my fire tv is also a plus. I hate to give it so few stars but I liken this phone to a Firefly Phone, Its simplicity as a phone and what it can do is really child's play.
I love the Fire Phone I love the Fire Phone. I love how the screen moves with your face and the little games that come with it. I love how I was able to download my music on to the phone without any problems. The Mayday button is very useful, they helped me download my work documents onto my phone from my computer with no problem what so ever. I like how I can go straight to the amazon store to buy the baby supplies that I need with out having to go to my computer. Its very different from using the iPhone, but I enjoy it. Its something new and, in my opinion, is a lot better than the iPhone.
Amazon Fire phone disappoints I am a loyal and avid Amazon fan and pre-ordered the phone. I have been very disappointed. Unlike all the other Amazon electronics I have owned the phone does not live up to its marketing nor my expectations. I have experienced disappearing contacts when on the phone. The Mayday person I have worked has never owned a smart phone so he was lacking on the ability to understand what my expectations were or what I was talking about. The battery life is worse than any smart phone I have ever owned. I think the apps must stay open and are running the battery down. The Mayday tech said there is no app for shutting them down. I have also had several difficulties with AT&T trying to get things like the phone's hot spot to work and getting the visual voice mail to work. The AT&T visual voice mail app was not loaded nor in the Amazon app store. I don't think I can recommend the phone at this time. Jeff Bezo says we do the hard things every time - not this time. Sorry Jeff.
which was a very cool experience. Amazon confirmed that they could not unlock ... Although many reviews mention the "without service plan" version as being "unlocked" it is in fact locked. Used the mayday functionality on the phone, which was a very cool experience. Amazon confirmed that they could not unlock the phone, only ATT could. I contacted ATT and they refused to unlock the phone. Without freedom of carrier this device is not of use to me and I have returned it.
Not happy. Not what I expected. The glass is already scratched after two months. The functions are glitchy, nothing runs smoothly. The phone also randomley reboots itself, and shuts off. I should have stayed with the iphone.
Innovative but doesn't hold your attention. I purchased this phone when it first hit the market. I've always been a Samsung's girl but allowed myself to be sold. Change is good right? Wrong! I loved being able to shop on Amazon with a touch of my finger but that's not enough to keep me.
Great Smartphone I have only found one thing I do not like about this phone. The lack of apps. Since I knew this before I purchased. It get 5 for sure stars.
I'm extremely pleased with the performance It is almost everything that I thought it would be. It has a few glitches and such, but overall, I'm extremely pleased with the performance.
I enjoy the sis and the set up but an having ... I enjoy the sis and the set up but an having trouble when I'm in an app and in large a pic you can't back out without restarting the phone.
love So far I like most everything about this phone. The camera is great and it seems to be the quality product that I would expect from amazon.
great phone Great phone. Love it!
sad but true I'll give it a star for it being pretty and sleek but everything else was sub par. Sound quality was poor, every time an app needed updates when you try downloading it, it says this is not compatible with your device. The same thing happens when you try to get the Amazon prime music player required to stream your music So that's a big slap in the face. No genuine YouTube app??? Come on Really? The list goes on.....My at&t store told me that 100% of sales on this phone were returned, now I see why.
Don't knock it till you try it. Most people don't understand technology and how it evolves, when great things become greater and how the Fire fits into the scheme of things. This phone will be similar to all new phones, there are going to be bugs and a lack of what people want in the way of apps/software but it's already coming fast. Dynamic perspective....yeah IPhone lock screen has something similar but they don't have it like the Fire. Firefly....great for on the go and you need to know the name of that song before it kills you. I will have more to rant about later with the Fire, but so far so good.
So Much Better Than I expected The Amazon Fire Phone will go down in history as a flop. A giant failure on Amazon's mostly solid report card. In some ways, I would agree with that thought. The Amazon Fire Phone certainly didn't check off all of the right boxes, but for me it was a fantastic purchase. I'm not going to get into all the details because I think there are any number of reviews that can tell you about the phones specifications and performance. All I'm going to say is this: As a phone aficionado I go through about 4 or 5 different phones each year. Of all the phones I own and have used, the only phone that I keep up-to-date as a working "back up" should my daily driver fail, is the Amazon Fire Phone. Make of that what you will, but this little guy turned out to be pretty great for me (also, please note I only paid $150 for the device, I imagine if I paid $600+ I'd feel differently).
I'm very happy with the phone I'm very happy with the phone, but disappointed that Amazon cut the price shortly after I bought it from $199 to $.99. The fact that they cut the price so quickly raises red flags about the longevity of this device. I was considering a Nokia 1520 but it's price was a steady $199 for over a year so I decided to go with the Fire Phone. I love the Prime integration and I was able to import almost my entire music collection without digital rights issues (about 4,000 songs). Battery life is comparable to other phones I've had. The quad core processor is very fast. It boots up quickly and it's only locked up once on me. Pros: - Fast Processor - Prime integration - Excellent Customer support - Excellent display - Mine has been very stable - I was able to synchronize with both Outlook and Facebook contacts Cons: - Quick price drop from $199 to $.99 was disappointing and disconcerting - Not all Android apps are in the App Store (actually, you can install any Android app) - Keyboard lacks emojis/emoticons
too easy to turn on when using phone difficult to hold the camera button is in the wrong place, too easy to turn on when using phone. Also since my purchase I am receiving ads from other companies I have no interest in...feel like AT&T has passed me around to the world :(
I have annoying sound on fire phone like turu Help... I have annoying sound on fire phone like turu, turu, turu... It's terrible and i just want to smash him. Every time when i want to do something he starts irritate me. BDW i turn off all sounds, i do all restarts things, master restart etc. What to do? Even a people who doing support online doesn't know, they keep telling me restart your phone, turn off all sounds...
It is awesome. I have been subjected to the lack luster of the Samsung Galaxy 2. Imagine my surprise when I got my hands on the FIRE! It is awesome.
Really sharp graphics and great basic apps that come with the phone Really sharp graphics and great basic apps that come with the phone. I love the firefly app and it takes really nice pictures. Only complaint is that the battery drains fast but it just means I have to get used to keeping it charged up.
some getting used to It's a great phone. I am used to Android phones. It's very different from one of those. I've had it for about a week and a half now and still am getting used to it. You have to have an amazon account just to sign in the phone at the beginning when your setting everything up. A lot of things on the app store are free but a lot of things like zedge ringtones free mp3 music and things like that you can download for free on an android phone don't even show up in the app store on this phone. Which really sucks because the ringtones that come on the phone are very soft and I have already been late to work twice because I need a loud alarm to wake me up in the morning. This phone was a present for me. I do like it but I do not love it. But so far I haven't had any issues with it and it's pretty durable seeing as I've dropped it at least three or four times now.
Now i know what they mean by SMART phone. I don't write reviews. But i have to say for my 1st week with this phone---AWESOME. So far the only thing that it doesn't do for me is drive my car. Now i know what they mean by SMART phone.
What about a smart watch? Love the phone. Easy to use and great features. But I really wish Amazon would figure out how to make a smart watch work with it.
yuck I love my fire phone. Or maybe I'm still in denial. Amazon's app store is severely lacking. Everything is only available through Google or Apple...which this phone does not support. I was happy to be google free .....but now...I'm counting the days till I can upgrade phones and get rid of this thing. Also it's started freezing up, especially when using camera. I can handle that...but not the lack of useful apps
New Advancements Awesome 3-D graphics. It takes a little get used to, as this has technology that shifts with hoe you point and look at the phone.
It fits perfectly in my hand and its sleak design allows me to easily manage the fire This New Amazon Fire Phone/Device fits all my needs as a Technician.The bright flash light,and other installed apps help me with my work,as well as the long lasting battery life.It fits perfectly in my hand and its sleak design allows me to easily manage the fire.Cant wait for new upcoming apps to check out.TRhank You Amazon!
I love it, I have the unlocked version I love it, I have the unlocked version. No complaints, seems this phone is way underrated but it is actually a very good phone.
... what the other people are saying this is a great phone! Don't be led astray by all the ... I don't care what the other people are saying this is a great phone! Don't be led astray by all the naysayer's, get one today!
love it Love it. Love the firefly technology; it can tell you the scene on a movie or show and even the actor's in the scene. Amazing.
it's not like the entire phone is made up of 3D it's ... I was really looking forward to getting this phone when I first saw this ad online about a month ago. I even had a Sony Xperia Z1 ordered then canceled it upon seeing the ad for this phone. So I waited tirelessly and anxiously for this phone to arrive and when I got it I was very excited but unfortunately seeing all the mediocre reviews online and the TV commercials being advertised by two children really turned me off. I thought at least I would give it a try but what I discovered from the lack thereof was the deal breakers for me. I will just summarized by the Pros and Cons below. Cons: 1. This Amazon Fire phone doesn't give you the option in importing all your contacts from you old sim card so all the contacts I have on my older phone wasn't able to get transferred to this Amazon phone?! I have over 200 contacts so I certainly wasn't going to manually input all the names and phone number one by one. This is after calling Amazon tech support and AT&T support still no way of transferring even using AT&T online addressbook. 2. Battery starts to drain when you use the primary most talked about features, 3D resolutions, I have a petpeev about weak battery life so this was dud to me. Besides what's the use of the 3D anyway, it's not like the entire phone is made up of 3D it's more for certain games and for using some map features which i careless. 3. I use my phone without internet or wifi most of the times so when I'm driving or just listening to a radio I could use either Soundhound or Shazam to search the name of the music or songs on the radio. Of course, the Shazam or Soundhound will save the songs and I'm able to access the saved songs once I have wifi. But with Firefly or downloading the Shazam ti didn't have the capability to save or stored the song and be able to search later with wifi? That's a big NO NO! Also, NO SoundHound either from the Amazon app store. Pros: 1. Nice looking phone. 2. Prime membership if you shop with Amazon at least once a month like I do. 3. Amazon 24 hour customer service. Concusion: I returned the phone only a one day of usage and went ahead and ordered the Sony Xperia Z1 from Amazon. So I still gave Amazon the business even though I returned the Fire phone. Nevertheless, the Fire phone is limited for me, especially that contacts I couldn't import. Now that I got my Sony Xperia Z1 today, it's working just like I expected, the contacts importing feature is there and I had no trouble importing all 200 plus contacts and I'm also able to shop at Google Play store without worrying about whether they have apps I need or not like I would with Amazon app stores. I still love Amazon for the shopping convenience and their customer service but their Fire phone is, I guess, what it's advertised to be, more suitable for children.
Nice phone with some neat features, but lacking in some major areas. Update 9/9/14 My keyboard went missing today while trying to browse the web. I switched over to messaging and it still was not showing up. I turned the phone off and on a few times to see if that would clear it and then it would not turn back on. After 15 minutes or so, it finally turned back on but the battery lost 20% I took it to AT&T service center and they made me do a factory reset. So far it is working, but it's still a bit quirky. Factory resetting this is not a great fix Amazon. ATT said that it is probably a software glitch, but cannot confirm it since the device was working ok when I was at the center. I am not in love with this phone and regret wasting my money (I paid full price). Seeing Amazon giving it away within 2 months of release is a slap in this customers face. If this is how Amazon is trying to make money, then they will lose me pretty much as a customer. I still love my kindle, but this phone is not a winner. 99 cent phones don't receive a lot of updates unless Amazon is willing to roll out a better phone/operating system in the near future. I'm now stuck using this phone for the next 2 years because of the 2 year commitment with ATT. Moms can buy this phone for their kids - like the commercial because this adult is frustrated with it. It would probably make a good toy. Amazon would do themselves right by giving their customers that preordered this phone and/or paid AT&T the full price some sort of credit or at least give us a few years of Prime for our suffering with this thing. ============================================== Update - I received an unexpected email from Amazon support today referencing my review. They are definitely reading these reviews. It wasn't much help as I already have done the steps they suggested for battery life. (Turn off blue tooth, use auto for the screen light, watch the heavy usage on videos and such.) After having the phone for a few days, the battery life is better. Today, I have made zero calls and no downloading or watching videos. I've only checked my email and the weather a few times and the battery has lasted all day. I'm not a big voice user, so I haven't a clue how the talk time wears down this battery. This is much better than the first day when I had it in my pocket all day and it died within 6 hours. I'm glad I didn't need to make a call. I am pleased that Amazon is taking the time to read our reviews. I am hoping that they have their IT folks working away at our issues. I don't want to be stuck with a phone that I can barely use. The phone is growing on me, but it still bugs me about the lack of apps/no google play, and the battery life still scares me. Hey Amazon - think about your loved ones with a dead battery trying to reach you in an emergency. I'm not always near a power supply to keep this thing charged! =============== I am a fan of Amazon. I have a kindle paperwhite that I dearly love and have had zero problems with it. I figured I'd take the plunge and try the new fire phone as my Iphone battery life was disappointing. When I read the specs on Amazon phone touting lots of standby time, I was eager to try it. The battery on this phone is worse than my Iphone! I'm not running a lot of apps, turned off what I could to see if that would help with the battery life. Nope, still a battery pig. I was sad to see that I could not download anything from google play. The apps store is lacking on a few of my favorite apps, including the local TV station's app. The sounds of the phone are not loud enough for me to hear when I'm in a different room or around loud machinery. I wish I could make the icons larger, now I have to have my reading glasses handy when using the phone. The phone does have a lot of cool features. I am an Amazonaholic, so I like a lot of the phone features linked up with my Amazon account. That part I really like and thank Amazon for that. I don't usually buy brand new technology. I should have stayed with that philosophy and let Amazon get the kinks out before I bought the phone. Now I have to carry my charger everywhere with me. You can add the fire phone to the Samsung commercial with everyone sitting on the floor charging their phones at the airport. Now I will have to buy a solar charger when I go camping. I hope Amazon is reading these reviews and gets back to the drawing board for some quick fixes.
A seamless, bug free, dedicated user experience. Call quality is excellent. It has a great camera that backs up photos to the cloud, and now with the OneDrive app also backs up to my Live account. The Fire phone offers a superior user experience while getting into and out of books, movies, TV, magazines, games etc...especially Amazon media. Because it is dedicated it takes fewer clicks to get to a movie streaming real HD glitch-free. Other devices can stream that movie but it takes a little longer to get into it, the quality is less stable, and the app is more buggy. The Fire phone synchronizes effortlessly with your other Kindle devices so you can instantly pick up where you left off. There is a learning curve getting used to how it addresses conveniences using new technology it offers like "Peak" for information by tilting the phone a little and side menus with a twist of the wrist but after using it for awhile it makes more sense than other phones. It is less buggy than most Android phones. I can easily see how this would not be for you if you did not like Amazon but...are you crazy?. In the same way that the Nexus 5 is dedicated to Google, this is for Amazon. I don't need much else beyond email, text, web browsing, news, pictures and Amazon services. The store has most of the apps I wanted with a few notable exceptions that are coming out soon. I like the feel of it. The screen is crystal clear. It streams media with very high resolution. The battery lasts long enough for me to only charge it once a day, which is not as good as an IPhone but better then the Android based HTC Evo I had. I guess I am one of the people who will not be returning it, probably because I like a dedicated Amazon device like my Kindle Fire Tablets. They go well together. A marriage made in heaven. I hear complaints that it doesn't do as much as an Android phone. A Porsche doesn't do as much as an SUV either, but if you want to go very fast around corner's and you are willing to pay for it... I don't own an SUV.
Great hardware, but no Google Play store I bought this phone about a week ago, and I'm enjoying it more the more I play with it. A lot of the things people are complaining about are honestly small things that you could get used to if you wanted to, like the menu navigation. This is only my second smart phone, and I'm not sure I'd say it's better than my old phone (which was a Motorola Droid Razr M), but I'm definitely not returning it. Though, to be fair, I got it for free with a service contract, so even if I hated it, it wasn't really a waste of money... The hardware's great; the screen is a good size and great resolution, its processor is as powerful as my laptop's for some reason (why does a phone need this, I don't know), and the outward-facing camera's got good resolution. However, the hardware does drain the battery when you're actually using it. I don't really use my phone for much besides talking and playing music, though. Not having access to the Google app store is a huge downside and a very legitimate complaint; hopefully this changes at some point. I would be fine buying my apps through Amazon if they had the same selection, but they simply don't. At least it's an Android, so you can easily install whatever apps you want on it, provided you can find a way to get their installation packages... And now for some petty stuff: As an upside, I'm a sucker for gimmicky technology so the face-tracking camera thing is cool even though I'm sure that's part of why the phone would've cost so much without a data plan. As a downside, I don't think I can smother the speaker on this phone with my hand if it starts making noise in a public place or something. Maybe I just haven't found the right spot yet. Overall the phone seems solid, though I didn't factor in some things other people would consider, such as the price and interface (You'll learn to use the interface if you don't stubbornly/cynically refuse not to). If it had the Google store, I'd give it five stars, but even as someone who doesn't really purchase apps I feel like that's rather important.
Great phone Still works great after more that a year and turned out to be a good value over time as it is a veritable tank of a phone!
I'm an early adopter. I've had several smartphones: Blackberry; Motorola Droid; Motorola Razr; Samsung Galaxy Note 3. I like it! This phone has done everything I've tried so far, and then some, with one exception - I can't get it to sync my Fitbit One. Yet. I wanted to test this phone against the others to see how it stacks up. I have Fire HDX tablet as well. The Dynamic Perspective is very cool. Haven't put Firefly to work yet. Just testing all the basic apps, email, etc., to make sure it does all the the daily use things I need. So far, so good. It performs as well and in some cases, better than the other smartphones i've used. The high def is excellent. The one-hand features like side menus are a plus. I like the heft of this phone, and amazon has stayed with their dimension ratios they use in their tablets - longer and narrower - which fits my hand better than my Galaxy. Here's a short video of the phone's 'Dynamic Perspective'with the interavtive "Monkey Buddy" - the vacuum cleaner background noises do not come with the phone ;) Amazon's new Fire Smartphone: http://youtu.be/Yka75mSEW7s Stay tuned - my guess is, this is only the beginning :)
in love with my Amazon Fire Phone I am in love with my Amazon Fire Phone, i love this phone more then i liked my other cell phones i have had in the past
Great phone but not enough apps I really enjoy this phone way better than the iPhone the only thing I don't like is the App Store is seriously lacking
This phone is amazing! It does everything I need and so much ... This phone is amazing! It does everything I need and so much more. And it's in sync with my kindle fire which I love!
Whole Different Animal The Fire Phone is very awkward after having full-android phones for years. Half of the apps I use daily aren't available through the Amazon AppStore. The Camera is fantastic, as is the sound. Video is a bit dim.dark, but fine. No Google Services (voice, wallet, drive...) Can't customize with wallpaper or backgrounds. Kinda dull. The Prime features (video & music) however, are awesome, and frankly, the main reason I got the phone. Love amazon, Learning to like the phone...
I love this phone I love this phone, so far! I finally got to were I hated my iphone, went to an LG that was OK, but I love this!!!!
Would recommend Great phone. Easy to use. It has a huge variety of apps to use. Great price. Good size. Nice design. Nice quality.
Its a great phone, has lots of of features and such ... Its a great phone, has lots of of features and such but it's a little bit glitchy. For example, sometimes very once in a while the screen won't come on unless I hold the power button (no, it's not turned off. When the screen comes back on it asks if I want to turn off or restart the phone.) another thing is that sometimes the screen comes on and then locks itself right back befor the scene can even display. There's a need for dynamic perspective to be slightly tuned so my screen doesn't wig out when someone leans over my shoulder, etc. etc. Either way still better than my iPhone
Five Stars better than apple
sounds great right. The specs were sub par to begin with... then came the dual software. Fire OS 4 is just a stripped down version of kit kat with Amazon software running over top of it. If you want any actual usage out of it you have to re-download all the things amazon removed. This causes the battery to drain faster and the phone to run slower, forcing you to turn off the the single almost redeeming factor to attempt to gain more battery life; the precious 3D effects. Then comes Alexa, sounds great right...wrong, the fire phone never got Alexa and is stuck with the equivalent of iOS's original voice control. Maybe with Fire OS 5 it'll be better, sure maybe but the fire phone stopped receiving updates shortly after it came out, and is virtually unsupported.
I really like my fire phone I really like my fire phone. It does everything I need it to do with a lot of bonuses. I love to be able to watch my movies on the go the picture is nice and it does not get that hot. All in all its a nice phone.
One Star Completely disappointed, the app store is horrible. No big ticket apps make their way to the Amazon app store.
not loving this phone I really wanted to love this phone but the apps fir everyday use just aren't there. I miss them! Life was so easy when everything was right on my phone. I assumed they would be. I almost returned the phone, I really wish I had. The phone seems more for kids as most of the apps are games.
The phone is amazing, I love the help option The phone is amazing, I love the help option, Prime, the apps, the way the phone operates. Its just amazing.
Four Stars love the high tech features of the phone, dislike not all android apps are availible or compatable with phone
I'll check it out again in a year or two There were so many things I loved about it (Firefly, display, etc.), but it wouldn't work with the apps I needed. In the end, it was just an expensive toy with poor battery life, so I returned it. I don't think Amazon really thought this through. Such great potential and such poor delivery.
... a fan of using Amazon prime this phone is great. If you aren't part of the cult of ... If you are a fan of using Amazon prime this phone is great. If you aren't part of the cult of prime walk on.
The most awesome phone I have ever owned The most awesome phone I have ever owned. I am still learning all that it can do. For me, it seems easier to operate than my husband's Apple iPhone.
Love it!! My son loves it!
All Smiles with the Fire I have had a slide phone for years. This is my first experience with a smart phone. I have had a Kendle Fire for about two years and loved it. So it was natural for me to choose the Fire Phone when I saw the poster at the ATT store. I am enjoying the ease of using it. Lots of crazy New apps and the old ones are still there for me to access.
fire phone is awesome! Fire phone is amazing good quality build and pretty fast, I know is only on AT&T but is better than any phone a previously owned. My only critic the price tag of this phone would have been at $450 everybody would be loving it.
Best phone EVERRR!!!! Amazing phone I've got in trouble many times for being obsessed with it every thing about it is amazing.
Four Stars I really like the Amazon Fire Phone, it is everything I expected it would be. Amazon never disappoints!
stop trying g to rip us off and put this phone back to its rich price $199 Unlock for 199 is a good deal $449 is pure ripoff their marketing team is insane to keep increasing the price on the unlocked version of this phone. Especially after doing some research and finding out that their per unit manufacturing costs aren't even close to $80.
I really like this phone I really like this phone...it has amazing graphics and it is fast when it comes to web browsing too.
and so far I like it a great deal I may very well increase my stars as I get used to the phone. I've only had it a couple of weeks, and so far I like it a great deal. it has been relatively easy for a non-techy person such as me to set up. I am still struggling to figure out a few aps. I can appreciate the sleek packaging, but I do wish it came with a small manual to refer to. I like to read and do ... and that way I learn. And I am not ALWAYS near a computer where I can do the 'online manual'. Thankfully if I get to the point where I 'Just Can't Get It' the location where I purchased it is only a couple of miles from where I live, so I can head over there and beg for help. So Amazon .. consider a booklet of some type when you do the next upgrade,
Amazon’s cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal Amazon’s cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal, gas and nuclear power. Amazon’s Fire’s reliance on dirty energy isn’t cutting edge, and it’s completely unnecessary. Storing our photos, music and messages shouldn’t mean we are forced to damage the health of our climate and communities. Apple, Facebook, and Google have figured out how to store our photos and music with renewable energy, and so can Amazon
Fire Phone may be a competitor for iPhone 1st simm card failed after 5 days. Great display. Battery life may be a question, charge drops fast after 12 hrs. Huge storage. Not crazy about the firefly button, gets tripped easily. Did I say great display and photo quality. Check back in a year for the real results
It was what I wanted if you enjoy your kindle fire this is the good phone and ... It was what I wanted if you enjoy your kindle fire this is the good phone and the free prime rocks
Wirks fine and has good specs A prety decent phone. Wirks fine and has good specs. Still need to improve on the apps available.
Five Stars I really love this phone, still trying to figure it out. Love the Amazon prime free for one year.
Nice phone, works well. Available apps, very limited and very few work, keep freezing up. I bought the unlocked version about 9 months ago. I like it. Phone works fine and texting. Image on screen is very clear and colors are true. I wanted a larger screen and more memory and didn't want to pay $600-700. I got what I wanted for a decent price. I was hoping as time went on Amazon would have more apps available. I just (for the umpteenth time) inadvertently deleted the Weather Channel app from my phone, trying to delete it from the Carousel. When I went to app store, it was no longer available. Safe to assume Amazon is no longer supporting the Fire Phone? nor developing apps? I like the device. I sure miss my i-phone apps big time. I know there is some way to "sideload" from Google, I am not technically advanced enough for that. Update: 2/25/16 It just went off warranty at the beginning of the month. The headset that came with it stopped working a few months after I got it. I cannot hear callers on the earpiece on the phone, discovered this around October. Yesterday the headphone jack went totally out. So basically I can't hear calls. I have had it a year. I have never, ever had a phone die on me. I am very careful with my phones. I liked it when it worked. Totally sick of the limited apps on Amazon. Time for Samsung!
Not bad, but disappointing in key areas I've had my Fire phone for a little over three months. When initially researching smartphones, I decided to ignore those reviews that dinged the Fire for not being a typical Android, for not being compatible with Google apps, etc. Since it was going to be my first smartphone (after being a basic phone and iPod Touch user for several years), I figured I could use the Fire without having any preconceived notions and therefore avoid disappointment. After all, I was no more invested in the Google universe than Gmail, which I'd still be able to use. I'd also never used an Android, so I didn't have any pre-set habits. In the end, I chose the Fire for its price and camera. Here are my conclusions after 3 months: 1.) The actual phone part is just fine. Absolutely no complaints. 2.) The display is very clear and sharp. The Dynamic Perspective thing is neat, but I keep it off most of the time to preserve battery life (I'm not a heavy game player). 3.) Having instant connection to the Amazon store is pretty handy, but I have a feeling that it's not significantly different than having an Amazon app on any other phone. 4.) Firefly is neat and VERY quick in the few instances I've tried the music ID. Product ID is a little hit-or-miss. 5.) I don't see much point in Mayday, but I haven't had any problems that I couldn't look up in the phone's help guide. 6.) The camera...oh, the camera. I have two different regular cameras that I use heavily, but I wanted something that could snap an occasional GOOD photo when I don't have my "real" cameras with me. The camera on my iPod Touch had been pretty crummy, so I was excited about getting something that was supposed to have better clarity and an actual flash. Unfortunately, the camera has been a complete disappointment (for me). If you're thinking about getting the Fire and the camera quality makes a difference to you, be honest with yourself about the type of pictures you're going to be taking. If you want to take lots of outdoor (read: sufficient natural lighting) photos, landscape shots, and stationary indoor shots, you'll probably be happy. Those types of photos turn out quite nicely. If you want to take a single, solitary picture of your kids or your pets, don't count on the Fire's camera to capture the shot. (Unless your kids or pets are really good at posing, holding perfectly still, and keeping their eyes open.) The flash takes forever, the "shutter" takes forever, and chances are pretty good that your toddler or your dog will be long gone before the camera actually takes the shot of whatever cute thing they had been doing. If it does capture them, the pics are usually completely out of focus, whitewashed, or blurry. 7.) I didn't think it would make a lot of difference, but the number of apps that I have not been able to get on the Fire phone is pretty annoying. All things considered, I'm not as happy with the Fire phone as I would have liked to be. I think there's a lot of potential here, but when it comes time to upgrade, I doubt I'll be staying with the Fire phone unless a.) they work on Google compatibility and b.) camera improvements are made.
Five Stars I do not like the phone because I can only download limited apps. Can't download my needed apps
Dynamic Perspective <3😍 The phone is so cool. I got snapchat to work and sideloaded google services. Works like a charm. Everyone thinks it's so cool with the dynamic perspective. That is the main reason I got it. I bought it new on eBay for $ 130. It makes a great backup phone. The battery fires fairly fast if used a lot. Buy a portable battery charger.
It’s on Fire I love everything about this phone --before it even arrived at my house. I ordered it while I was still watching, well, watching the report of the rollout as I couldn't see the live stream. The 3D graphics are amazing. The maps are better than anything I have seen before. I have had maps with representations of buildings and landmarks but they were always difficult to maneuver and understand. MAYDAY is here! This is truly a device that has everything. Every time I open a new screen, there are new things to discover. LOL, Amazon, you put delivery information above missed calls. I did not understand Firefly from the video – not until I had it in hand. It identifies things like books-DVDs-movies-barcodes when you point your phone and hold the camera button. This is amazing. The camera is also superior. I have missed a million snapshots while trying to open my screen and then launch camera. The Fire is completely interactive, especially for those us of who are not high tech on our own. I love the right tilt and the left tilt to open the panels. That is just amazing. Anyone who has ever sat there stabbing at one of those pull up menus on a Kindle Fire will be amazed. I could sit here tilting all day. It is like the difference between the old Nintendo controllers and the new wii controllers – a new world entirely. There is so much that is amazing about this phone! The most important part is that it has everything! This is everything a tablet and a phone and a music player should be. Two things make me sad: I am sorry the carousel has reappeared. The second is the ONLY flaw and this is the same flaw I have with almost every other phone than my Note, is the size of it. I love sleek but I also love a screen I can type on. Oh, and it gets hot. But then it would, wouldn’t it?
It's very easy to use It's very easy to use. UI is intuitive. Battery is moderate, not as bad as described in some of reviews.
Five Stars Easy to use. Great new features. Nice weight. Exactly what I was looking for in a new phone.
Easy to use Easiest smartphone to navigate great phone quality, I have had a kindle tablet for a few years and the phone is very similar. I felt right at home , not intimidated at all.Limited Apps ,and ringtones though
It's ok. Not worth the money I am paying ... It's ok. Not worth the money I am paying for it. I will probably go back to iPhone one day.
Cool phone, but could use a few bug fixes. It is a really neat phone. I've never had an Android OS before, so it's taking some adjusting to. I lost a lot of apps coming over from Apple, hoping that the Android app store catches up soon! Mayday is AWESOME. It's really, REALLY nice to have a team of people there to help me figure out this new phone and all of it's features. I've called them several times for a variety of things, and they have always been helpful and friendly. The maps work really well and are very clear about giving instructions. I am kind of sad you can't personalize the text message tone, at least not that I've been able to figure out. Tapping on icons or trying to select something is hit and miss sometimes. Every once in a while, the screen will be too sensitive, and other times it won't be sensitive enough. The locks screens are really cool and I like that they come out with new ones periodically. Occasionally the screen or app I'm using will glitch. I'm not sure what the issue is exactly, but I'm sure it's just a bug fix that will be taken care of in an upcoming update.
Great phone for my daughter she's 8 so the endless ... Great phone for my daughter she's 8 so the endless free apps are a life saver hours of fun
Five Stars This phone is awesome! It's very user friendly and I like that it is similar to my Kindle.
Just Like Kindle This is just like my Kindle and seeing as how I'm addicted to my Kindle this phone ROCKS!
Easiest navigating phone I've ever had While there are a couple things I hope will change - can't adjust the font on texts (bad for old eyes) and wish my audiobooks didn't stop and start over whenever there is a text or message from Facebook - this is the easiest navigating phone I've ever had. The sound is amazing and it has a phenomenal camera with great picture editing tools. Love it.
Booktastic Useful for when you have books on your Kindle. It gives you a overview of the whole book
was used to IPhone. So its different have to ... was used to IPhone. So its different have to get used to it. The battery life is great
Four Stars Love the phone, but battery life is too short. Love this phone, graphics are excellent.
ONCE YOU GET USED TO IT IS A GREAT PHONE. ALTHOUGH IT HAS A DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEM, ONCE YOU GET USED TO IT IS A GREAT PHONE .
other then that the s green is great and has lots of cool features Only down side is the inability to use the Google play store. Surely it isn't that difficult for a android based phone to use the play store. Other then that the screen is great and the phone has lots of cool features.
Five Stars Great device!! Within all parameter, plus social expectations. Wonderful job Fire team.
and like Amazon services if you are into the Amazon world, meaning you have a Prime account, and like Amazon services, then this phone is great, the graphics are fun, and overall it is a fun phone to own. If you are knee deep in Android and Google, or prefer iPhones and that world, then this may not be for you. Runs most of the bigger apps, but you cannot use Gmail app or Google Chrome on this. for some that may be a big deal, for me , not so much. I love this phone. The Silk browser runs really well and fast, the Firefly app is more a "bling" type thing, but fun, and call reception is awesome.
The Amazon Fire Phone. It's HOT! This is one awesome phone. I like it better than Samsung's Galaxy S III. A very durable phone and not that complicated to use once you get rolling with it. I would recommend it to anyone of my friends
it takes great videos, but when you share them on facebook ... I was thrilled to get the amazon fire and it has its perks and downfalls. it takes great videos, but when you share them on facebook or send it as a message the video is horrible and you cannot edit videos. I am also disappointed about the battery life. I read on the website it was supposed to be long, almost worry free from dying quickly, but it seems I am charging twice a day.
Five Stars Great phone innovative but in my opinion over priced. Audio is weak And keyboard is too small
RIM takeOff¿ Very nice, Technology at its finest...grandsons like it and The hands-free is a plus.
Love this Phone! Love this phone, been using for about 1 month and no complaints on quality or performance, camera, speakers Bluetooth, Wi-Fi hotspot all work great... Kindle's app store is a little sparse compared to Google's app store but it will come with time.
Hate it and need help getting rid of it. I am very disappointed in this phone. Admittedly, I am a bit electronically challenged, but this thing is anything but easy to figure out. It is so full of neat "tricks" like tilting the phone to move a page, and so forth, that the basics of such matters as simply returning to a previous page or moving from one website to a different one is completely a mystery. There are, no doubt, "tricks" for all these things, but I do not have time to learn or relearn things I already knew how to do on a previous phone. I am in the process of truing to cancel the service contract and that isn't easy either.
haters be gone I don't know why people are posting bad things about fire phone, I love mine 100 %
Watch out for the sim tray - hard to get it open - unless my phone was defective! I purchased my 32 gb AT&T Fire Phone off eBay for $125 which included a free year of prime. Such a deal I thought. It came with an unlock code. I was pretty impressed with the phone and fiddled around with it a lot and could compare some of the features to my Fire HD6. I also have an iPhone and a Nokia Windows Lumia 521 so it had some things that were similar. I wanted to get a prepaid MVNO plan for the Fire after going to AT&T and finding out how much their monthly prepaid plans cost! While AT&T advertises a $2 a day only when used plan - it's important to know it's $10 a month regardless - so if you use the phone 5 days in a month the 6th day on will cost an additional $2 a day. Since the Fire Phone has a hotspot included I had a heck of a time finding a cheap prepaid plan that would allow that feature. This is not going to be my main phone - it's basically a backup phone. Ok - I finally found Consumer Cellular which is technically not a prepaid plan but there is not an activation fee or sim card charge and you can even get an AARP discount. I like it cause you can mix and match your minutes and your text/date. I really want to take advantage of the hotspot/tether feature when traveling and do not have wifi access. Whatever. Ok so I had to insert a different sim in the phone to unlock it. Since I did not have a nano sim that was not AT&T I cut down an old T-Mobile sim - filed it a little as it was too thick. However - and HERE is why I am giving this phone 2 starts..... I could not get the (insert F word here) sim tray to pop open to get the AT&T include sim out. This phone did not come with the sim ejector tool. I fiddled and fiddled with a paper clip and finally got it to pop open. However each time I tried to open the sim tray it took forever and I bent paperclips doing it - just could not find the right spot or use the right pressure. So today I received a nano sim from a prepaid AT&T provider and it came with a nifty sim ejector tool. I used the sim ejecter tool BUT it broke inside the sim hole. Thus I could not open the sim tray period. So I called Amazon who usually has excellent customer service and explained my situation - after explaining it again and again and getting across the fact a paperclip would not fit in the hole because it has the piece of the sim injector tool inside (sigh) - I am getting a replacement phone. I guess my biggest complaint is surely I am not the only one who had problems opening the sim tray "oh it's simple just use a paperclip" - well I think it is a big defect in that it is not that easy to do (or is it me - comments will be read). And the sim it came with - couldn't even be used even if I had wanted to get AT&T - as the AT&T store said I had to use one of theirs - not the one it came with - which didn't help matters either. Regardless for $26 it is a pretty cool phone I think. You don't have to use iTunes to get your music on it. You can use an app and drag apk files to the download folder on it. By the way I have tried to use googled instructions for the Google Play store and the only way I could get that app to work was after installing the service and store apk's - I would be able to download one app - then the store wouldn't work so I would have to reinstall a those apks and reboot and then I could download another app - this of course was a PITA - not worth it except it was the only way I could get the magic jack apk to work. Hope some of this info is useful. But yes it is a great phone - excellent camera - if you paid $400 or no - not so much.
Four Stars Love the phone. Just can't get the apps I need like banking apps health care apps
Worst phone I have ever owned. I love Amazon and I expected great things from the Fire Phone, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't curse at my phone. I honestly despise this phone. It never does what I want from it. The user is limited on apps and I mean limited, and the ones that were working either have gone through periods of not working or are still not working. It constantly freezes and needs reset and the Bluetooth has serious issues connecting to my car (my past phone never did). The phone must have been bad enough that even Amazon noticed and stopped sellIng it. I almost feel as if they owe their customers an apology and another phone option for those stuck with this troublesome gadget. I could go on and on but I feel like I've said enough... other than don't buy this phone. Oh, wait you can't anymore. Okay, then don't even take this phone if someone tries to offer it to you for free.
You should let me love you..... :/ I tried it out...... Please please add google play store. Amazon app store is horrible. Till this is done i will stick with my Samsung Note. I want you Amazon to be my everything company. Your sucky phone app store is preventing me from loving you and making you my everything........
Five Stars I really like the features on this fire phone. and amazon prime can't be beat.
Speakers rattle trying for bass No bass. The speakers rattle trying, even at medium volume. Really bad all the way up. The rest of the phone has a pronounced personality you get used to but still undecided about liking and enjoying it. The bad audio is what killed it for me though. I'm an "early adopter" so sometimes I get burned. I'm hoping the eventual updates will help. Meanwhile I'll primarily use my HTC One (M8), great sound and all around great phone.
Five Stars Great phone. Would love a bigger screen and maybe a back button or menu button
I am a very please customer with my fire phone Hi my name is Sandra I'm very satisfied with my Fire phone I purchased through Amazon. The fire phone offers many features that I am very very please with and I am still learning different features every day.
and the features continue to amaze me. Just keeps opening up more and more ... My Amazon Fire Phone was a Christmas gift from my son, Jay, and the features continue to amaze me. Just keeps opening up more and more exciting features and I look forward to discovering it in its entirety.
Just feels like a huge mistake Just feels like a huge mistake, really wanted to love it, buy the lack of apps, and the struggle with the device , doesn't worth the free year of prime, I hope soon enough the develop some more essential apps, and allow so basic and needed apps from Google, like g-mail and maps( your maps just aren't that good)
An actual UPGRADE. Superb design, sturdy and rugged without sacrificing elegance. Would leave my iPhone for this again in an instant. Did Apple give you a free year of music, videos, and books entirely free of charge? Break from the herd.
does not accept all android apps I love the phone, I have had the various latest and greatest iPhone's, Samsung galaxy s5, and HTC one's but the fire phone technology exceeds the others. It's user friendly and is very much like the kindle fire. My only complaint is that a lot of the popular apps I had previously I cannot get. Also, the music I have save to my Google account I cannot get and the songs I have on my amazon account I haven't been able to use as a ringtone. I also would rather have google as a search engine instead of Bing...
We are the guinea pigs for what should have been the test phase for this phone Too many glitches. It shows a mythical location as my current location that I've never heard of, and the wrong temperature/weather conditions. Facebook features don't work. Messaging didn't work at first (until I spent 3 hours with a technician on Mayday, and then we still couldn't figure out what fixed it). The Mayday app is good, but the mute button doesn't work, so you hear elevator music the whole time you're on hold. Firefly works only on things you can buy from Amazon, and wouldn't even recognize a Budweiser. Wallet only takes gift cards. It's definitely not the mobile payment device I was hoping for. Also they call everything on the back end Kindle. If I had wanted a Kindle, I would have gotten one. Very disappointed. UPDATE: Went back to the AT&T store and got my Blackberry Torch 9800 turned back on. Am sending the Fire Phone back to Amazon tomorrow. Struck by how many low reviews of this phone say, "really wanted to like this phone." That's exactly how I felt. Was ready to make the commitment, just not ready for so many things not to work. Some things others have noted that were also true for me: No way to back out of apps, and in many cases you have to force quit apps. That's really a deal breaker. There is no navigation like there is on my Blackberry, allowing you to use the BBerry button to open up a pull-down list of options for each application you're in. Also someone else noted that the home screen (where you put your favorite pic) isn't where your apps live, so you only see that screen when you first turn on the phone. There's no way to delete app content that no longer applies, like a photo I took and deleted still showed up in the carousel. There's no light indicator that will tell you when you have new messages. The FB and Twitter apps don't get red stars on the icons showing you have updates. The screen protector I bought at the AT&T store wasn't sensitive enough to enable the touch screen to work well, especially the left pull-in nav. Inexcusably glitchy. We are the guinea pigs for this phone.
Five Stars It is easy to use and fun to use. Love the Firefly and the awesome camera!
... switched from S4 to fire phone and I totally satisfied with my experience I switched from S4 to fire phone and I totally satisfied with my experience. The App store has all basic Apps that I use on my daily life. Phone lasts all day without recharging on my normal usage, email, calling, texting, news, facebooking and occasional videos. I also found 1Mobile on Amazon store that allows you to install any android App on Google Play.
Disappointed So far my experience has not been all that great. The apps are about 3 updates behind and in the first week I have already experienced glitches that have forced me to have to reset the phone. It has a lot of bugs to be worked out. It will be a great phone when they get those taken care of. Plus there is not a "back button" option to be found. This makes it a pain to navigate within apps.
Good Device I haven't really had a chance to explore everything, but I have been pleased so far. I am coming from many years using a corporate BlackBerry, so I have no history with either iOS or Android (except trying to sideload some Android apps, about half worked). I have been an Amazon prime member for a long time though, and this phone fits right in. Sound quality is good on calls, and the price was certainly right at AT&T. I have also found it to be much more intuitive than my wife's iPhone.
So much potential I've had this phone for a solid year now. As most phones are, they start to become slow- loading, switching between apps, etc. My phone overheats frequently after very little use. There are barely any apps on Amazon's appstore (no snapchat, instagram, any google stuff...) The camera takes forever to snap a picture. I think firefly is neat, but I've found myself never actually using it ever. Overall this phone does what it's supposed to, but as of now I'm looking to find myself a new one.
Choices..... It is everything as described....the dynamic perspective is absolutely amazing! I actually have an iPhone 5 and a Note 3 and just as each of them have their great features, so does the Fire. Its light, thin, smooth setup and operation. Most of the reviews compare the Fire to a Samsung or iPhone, for me it isn't either one. Why would I buy a Fire phone hoping it is like an iP5 or N3? I do not have a Kindle reader (have iPad & Samsung tablet), but for those that do, you would probably love the Fire. Its fast, smooth to operate and very responsive to the touch. Not sure if its overpriced as some reviews have said......seems to have some features that the iPhone or Samsung have yet to accomplish. I love my N3 screen size, but the Fire screen size is bigger than the current iP5......maybe the iP6 will increase. I do love the free year of Prime since I wasn't a customer prior; Amazon definitely has me hooked on Prime. Either way, its an individual preference but I think its a great first step for Amazon.
Four Stars Great phone and apps. Still don't know how to "go back" though!
Easy-to-use, fun, classy looking and innovative. Crushing on my fire phone, having had it just under 4 hours now. The ability to scroll screens with one hand frees up my other hand for coffee, etc...I gave up my Google Nexus 5, which I loved dearly, but I think I will enjoy this phone for its well thought out screens that require less tapping and the dynamic perspective is sweet... and the screen is beautiful. I own Kindle, Kindle Fire, Fire TV, and now Fire phone. Thanks Amazon...I'm always excited about what you'll do next.
Amazon Fire Phone Great phone, it changes home screens every day, very clear voice transmissions
Five Stars Love it and am making progress in discovering all the great features.
Five Stars Still learning the phone every thing is great. Better than my iPhone.
Five Stars Great looking phone. I have had more positive comments on this phone.
Awesome phone Phone works great. Only downside is some apps just aren't available.
Four Stars Great size and weight. Not overly complicated to program or to use.
Calling Keys Issue I love the phone and all its great features but on numerous occasions it is extremely annoying when I'm on a call and go to place someone on speaker or mute or if I need the keypad I accidentally hit the end key due to the fact that the icons are place to close together. This is a reoccurring issue for me and other workers who have the FirePhone. It is extremely annoying when especially being on business calls because my fire phone is a business phone.
Amazon is great, but the Fire Phone isn't. I'm giving this phone 2 stars, ONLY because Amazon is sending me a LG G3 to replace this phone, and because they've truly been so nice to me throughout this whole experience. I have had my Fire Phone replaced 4 times in 3 months (I've been through 5 of these phones) Believe me when I tell you this is not a good phone, yes the camera is great, display is awesome, and Amazon prime is a great deal breaker for some when getting the phone, but there arent many other good qualities. Limited applications to download, never could get the Google play to work on this phone correctly. Phone won't play music most of the time, just gives you a loading spin dial where the play button is. Sometimes the keyboard will just disappear and you can't respond to texts, emails, Facebook; etc until you reboot the phone. I've noticed that out of the 5 phones, 3 of them will just randomly shut off and won't let you power the phone back on until you plug it into a charger, even if the battery is fully charged. Silk Browser has many glitches, you click on something and it'll click whatever's above it instead of what you want, type a new url in the browser and it'll just reload the same page like it forgot what you just typed in. Dynamic perspective just makes you dizzy, and will start to annoy you after a while, I always leave it turned off. As far as Bluetooth goes, I have a 14 MZ6 and the phone hardly ever let's me connect to the car, and when it does a lot of the time it'll play my music in slow motion. Weird. This phone has great build quality, very sturdy and attractive, but it's still got many software issues that Amazon should've fixed before releasing the phone, I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone, but would recommend Amazon to everyone because their customer service is A+ great, and they really do care about their customers. Thank you Amazon for making an exception for me and sending me a better device to replace this phone which is full of unresolved issues.
AWESOME PHONE! This is a great phone I'm so glad I didn't listen to all the bad reviews. Here's the thing if you want an iPhone get an iPhone if you want an android get an android. this phone is neither and if you are expecting it to be just like one of those then you are stuck in a very small box. It does have limited apps so what do you really need all the one you have now probably not. I just came from an iPhone and this phone is so much better. It so easy to use. I really can't think of anything that I would change about this phone at all. So if you want to try something that everyone isn't going to have the this is the phone for, you if you would like to be just like everyone else then stick with what you have I'm sure you are already there. Oh and you get a yr of prime free so why would you not want this phone.
Good - but could be great! There are things that this phone has that are great! But, the bad ones are bad! I can't download games from my iphone to the fire phobe The camera button is too easy to hit when picking up the device Cannot choose font I need more cool wallpapers of the same type as is offered already (I especially like the Easter Island type!) I can't easily find some of the great qualities I need a guide that's not just an overview! When looking in the app store, if I look at one specific app, I don't go back to my place in the list but back to the top There are many things that I really like about the phone too! I don't have to sit and wait a long time when the phone is too slow The "peeking" is really neat The camera seems to be better so far The two extra screens are very helpful! There are a lot more things that I like that I won't take time to list!
Highly disappointed I rarely write Amazon reviews, which is a shame because I am generally very pleased with Amazon services and products. However, I cannot say the same about the Fire Phone. An avid supporter of Amazon, I made the mistake of purchasing this phone the day in came out, as I was desperately trying to replace my iPhone and the timing was right. Huge mistake. Although the phone immediately got negative reviews, I held out for awhile because I liked some features, like the high quality camera and the Firefly service. However, after about 6 months with the phone, it has already slowed down considerably, and the high quality camera isn't really worth anything since it takes about 10 seconds to open, far too long to take a photo at an opportune time. The Silk (or whatever tf the internet app is called) app crashes constantly, edited pictures take 2+ minutes to save, the battery is pitiful, etc, etc. By far the worst part of this phone is its incompatibility with anything. I mistakenly thought that the phone ran Android, or would at least be compatible with Android apps, but I was very wrong. There are very few apps I'm interested available on this phone. At first it wasn't a huge deal; so what if I couldn't get SnapChat. It's not like it's something I really need. But there are certain apps lacking from the store that I can't handle. My boyfriend is spending 7 months studying in Beijing, and none of the services or apps available through the Great Firewall are compatible with the Fire Phone, even an app with a huge network of users like WeChat. To top this off, since I, being a loyal Amazon customer, purchased the phone the day it came out, I paid full price for it. I should have waited, because after it completely bombed the price dropped around 70% only a month later. Now I am stuck with this POS phone I invested a ton of money in. I truly regret not getting a Samsung or Nexus or other Android phone. Honestly I would rather have stuck with my terrible iPhone, but alas, it is too late now. I am extremely disappointed, Amazon.
An amazing phone! This is not a good phone. It's an excellent phone! Having used both an iPhone and various Android devices I can safely say that this is the very best device I have used thus far. Exceptional screen resolution. Transferring my contacts from my old phone was a breeze. Firefly is amazing! Dynamic Perspective is also. The one hand operation is great. Job well done!
Definitely better than my old phone It is so worth getting. Definitely better than my old phone. :)
awesome I don't like that it breaks easy but other than that I love it!
love my fire phone. I love this phone. The only thing I dislike is that to delete all recent calls, text messages, or web browsing is to do it one at a time. I would rather just hit one button and delete them at once. Also, the phone doesn't talk to me like my iPhone did. It was easy to use this phone it didn't take me as long to get used to using as my other phone did. If you love your kindle as much as I do, you'll love the phone as well.
Amazon best idea Yet I love this phone. Amazon just keeps getting better and better
Returned my Fire Phone I pre-ordered my Amazon phone from AT&T and received it this weekend. Pros: Beautiful graphics and display Easy set up CONS: Battery life is abysmal. I am not a heavy data or minute user, but this phone couldn't stay charged for a full day. My previous phone, an iPhone 4 sometimes lasted 3 days. I am also not a heavy user of apps. However there are several critical ones that I do need - and Amazon's proprietary apps do not have the ones I frequently use. Given the price of the phone and because I wanted a phone that would have access to specific apps that are not available, I returned the phone today and exchanged it for a Galaxy 5. Very disappointed - I like Amazon and use many of their services, but the Fire phone isn't one of them.
Fire Phone Makes Me Sad... When I was ready to make the transition away from the iPhone, I read the Android reviews on my "go to" site of Amazon and read that their hotly anticipated Fire Phone was due to release in a week. This was a total no-brainer...buy the Fire Phone, Amazon would SURELY help me take that frightening leap away from Apple technology? While the MayDay staff has been super friendly and helpful, I wish Amazon would get their act together on software updates. I have a message icon that won't clear so it always looks like I have one unread message. They said their next software update would fix it. Waited 3 long weeks and was SO EXCITED when the notification popped up that their was a system update available to be installed! I anxiously download and restart the phone...one new message notification remains with no new message. It was approximately 6 weeks between software updates last time...looks like I will have to endure this nonsense for an unfortunate while longer. <insert extreme sad face here> Other issues: Phone randomly restarts itself. I don't know why. Maybe it gets tired? Maybe it is in a smartphone union and can only work X hours a day? Highly annoying. My call history will randomly disappear. Notice I'm using the word RANDOM a lot? There seems to be no rhyme or reason to the phone's malfunctions. The phone will freeze up...requiring a restart. I had never restarted my iPhone 5 in the two years I used it as much as I have the 3 months I've owned the Fire Phone. I don't even want to talk about the price I paid at release then finding out it went to 99 cents a week later. Ouch. Just Ouch. And then there is AT&T...who can only seem to enforce the contract that keeps me in this bad cell phone marriage. I hope Amazon can do something to fix the technical issues and soon (or get me a new phone). I hope the next review I write is about the awesome service I received to try and fix my issues. Hint...hint...
Four Stars Very reliable , impressed with the camera and picture results
I really recommend it. This is the most complete cell phone, I really recommend it.
Great phone for those tired of other phone brands Couldn't be happier with the fire phone! Don't understand where all the hate for it is coming from. Battery life is great, durability and feel of the phone are also great, and the headphones that come with it are fantastic. The only things I would hope for improvement in the future would be added apps to get to the level of the iPhone and the Google Play store. Either way, extremely happy with this product!
I wanted to really love this phone but so far it is blah! Get a Galaxy s5 instead!!!! I wanted to really like this phone but so far it is blah. I Love my kindle fire HDX 8.9. I love amazon and have had prime for several years now and use it several times a month at-least. I really really was looking forward to this phone and by happy chance I was upgrade eligible a week before it was released. Bought it through the ATT next program. So after a week of having it I report that I miss my android phone. I miss google play and most especially I miss swiftkey. I REALLY REALLY MISS SWIFTKEY..... Oh well one can hope that in time these things will be added. On the plus side the phone itself works extremely well and is very loud even in loud situations. It takes really nice pictures. The music player works really really well. It sounds amazing through my skullcandy ear buds. I like that I can scroll just by leaning the phone forward slightly or back slightly. The cons are the laundry list. NO SWIFTKEY or emojicons. NO Emojicons No Google play. Must use amazon app store, which is missing most of the apps I used everyday. No wallpaper or editing the background. Changing the ringtones and notifications was not as easy. Phone makes it almost impossible to add non Amazon apps. I googled "add zedge to amazon fire phone" and it game me a way to do it. Not easy at all. Battery life is no better than 2 year old HTC ONE X. That is very disappointing. Cases are hard to find since it is so new. I do recomend the Supacase Unicorn beatle cases. They fit awesome and are not expensive at all. Screen size seems smaller than other 4.7in screens. Looks puny next to 5.1 Galaxy S5 All In all I wish I had gone with the Galaxy S5 active. I got that for my son and he loves it and even though our phones are both new I envy his. Now my 65 year old mother has a Galaxy S5 and she said your phone looks so small compared to mine. And honestly the S5 takes better brighter pictures. Oh well in 51 months I can upgrade. hopefully by then Amazon will have listened to its users and added the missing stuff and fixed the bugs. Did I mention I really really really miss my Swiftkey?
