I wanted to love you I wanted to love my Fire Phone. I really love Amazon and my kindle software, and they made it a bargain. Who could resist a year of prime on top of the rest? When at last it arrived, that sleek black box was a pleasure to unwrap. The phone felt good in my hand, sturdy, well made. I used it as a phone -- wow, good sound, much better than many of the cell phones I've used in the past. Score. I played with the dynamic perspective -- how nifty. I tried changing the backgound and here was my first disapointment -- a lot of them are dim, even bordering on creepy. Clearly time and effort was spent on choosing them, but they felt like Uncle Fester's last minute IT assignment. I finally chose one that bugged me the least. As my 9 year old said the first time he saw one, "Cool!" and then the next day, "that gets kind of annoying." I moved forward, and loaded my email app, gmail, without a problem. I thought "Smartphones are pretty useful!" and felt reassured in my decision. Then I started looking for other apps I've used on my android tablet, and I came up empty on the Amazon app store. Huh. I thought "no big deal, I can live without that app" and I searched for something else and thought "and that app too." Finally I realized a lot of google apps were off limits, and I had to rethink what I could do. It felt like a big step backward. I found solace in streaming a song from my Amazon Music and opening up my current book using the kindle software. Better. Yes, reading was lovely. I took a picture and identified something instantly with Firefly -- nothing tricky, but it was fast. That was kind of fun. I never plan on using my phone to buy anything, however, so not that much fun. I used the apps i was able to install, and I found myself befuddled a number of times. There's no software back button support. Some apps have a working back button within them, but not all, and there were times I felt trapped in whatever I was using, like Gretel after the breadcrumbs were eaten. Swiping was supposed to help, as was flicking your wrist, but the responses were inconsistent. I thought I was fumbly and inept until I shared my phone with an IT pro and he also found that there were times where he'd flick his wrist 3 or 4 times without success. You'd feel so frustrated you'd want to start shaking it uncontrollably, then fling it into the wall. I loved catching him in those moments, our frustration shared. Navigation that was effortless on an android tablet became convoluted and difficult. MANY things that felt effortless on a full blown android were obscured or disabled. A phrase swirled in my head, "you can't get there from here." The low point came when I was showing off my new phone at work to extol the virtues of my new Amazon Fire. Flick fail. Swipe fail. Firefly fail. I could at least show the dynamic perspective with my lock screen, and they gazed politely. They tried the swipes and flicks, and sometimes they worked. Overall though, I think I solidified their loyalty to their current iPhone or Android. Sigh. I had my Fire Phone two more demoralizing days, and gave up. What I thought at first was unhappiness due to unrealistic expections of having a smartphone, I came to realize was unhappiness based upon the comparison of my phone to my android tablet. It's just not as good. The Fire Phone is pretty and well made, but the software is crippled and the experience disappointing. I returned the phone, and I have to say Amazon was professional, quick and courteous. Customer service rates an A+. I replaced my Fire Phone with a Google Nexus 5, and I could not be more happy. Sorry Amazon, I wanted to love you best. Your screen was great and I loved using you for calls, but my need for sleek functionality won out over the fun of drama and glitz. Maybe next time.
Would not buy again... I had a hard decision between the Amazon Fire Phone, Samsung Galaxy S 5, and Samsung Galaxy S 5 Active. I eventually picked the Fire Phone because I have loved my Kindle, Amazon Prime, and the camera on it was excellent. I keep my phones for a while, in all my years of wireless service I have been off contract more than I have been in one. This phone replaced a 1st gen windows phone I carried for 5 years or so (which still works flawlessly after years of abuse). First week I was disappointed in how the battery will not last even 16 hours if you do anything that takes advantage of the high def screen. I now have a charger in the car, at work and at home so the damn thing can be plugged in all the time. I am essentially back to having a corded phone that travels. I also noticed was it gets super warm, I understand that having a powerful processor will generate heat, but with my job being in technology I also know poor cooling design and excessive heat is the bane of electronics. The most annoying issue I have found is that the day after my 2 weeks trial period ended the key pad has started to freeze up and disappear at least once a day, forcing a restart of the phone. Conclusions: Gimmicky at best, has potential if people actually program to the capabilities of the phone, good call quality, excellent camera, Amazon's restricted access to apps has been more annoying than I anticipated, I am nervous about the phone's longevity and hope it makes it past my 2 years on contract without too many issues until I can get it replaced, I feel like I should have went with the Samsung Galaxy S 5 Active. Update: My opinions have not changed about the phone. I was contacted by Amazon's customer service and they were excellent and did all they could do for a customer. I would rate the customer service at Amazon as one of the best in the world. Paying $199 for the phone on contract to have it change to $0.99 just one month later feels like a huge rip and is a bit insulting as a customer. The new 99 cent phones even come with Prime. I will never again buy a phone on release week. Thank you Amazon for a hard earned lesson.
Ok first try but there are better options out there, feels overpriced. Pros- 1. Nice comfortable build. 2. Good camera. 3. Excellent 24/7 customer service. 4. Dynamic Perspective is fun and unique. 5. Pretty nice headphones are included. 6. One year of Free Amazon Prime. Cons- 1. Missing Google apps. 2. Gestures and navigation is overcomplicated. 3. Mediocre battery life. 4. Bad value for your money. Over the last couple of days I have managed to get my hands on the much anticipated Amazon Fire phone. I had being waiting with anticipation for this phone for the last few months and was very excited when it was finally announced. My initial impression has a being a mixed bag. While I commend Amazon for trying to create a unique experience and bringing new features like Dynamic Perspective, I simply can't ignore the shortcomings of this phone and the many improvements it needs. I will elaborate more below. DESIGN The phone has a 4.7 inch display and weights 160 grams. Not the lightest phone in the market but I personally don't mind. It feels solid in the hand. The phone is comfortable to hold making it an excellent one handed device. The size of the phone is a very good compromise between smaller phones like the IPhone 5S and bigger android phone like the G3, HTC One, and Galaxy S5. The front and back of the phone are made of Gorilla Glass 3. It reminds me a lot of the IPhone 4S and the Nexus 4. The glass on the back is very prone to fingerprints. If the IPhone 4S is any indications this phone is going to have durability problems. That glass back is going to inevitably break when you drop the phone a couple of times. Keep this in mind. A case is a must for this phone. The border around the phone is made of rubber. It makes for an excellent grip when making calls. It will come in handy if you are one of those people that tend to drop your phone a lot. The phone features several hardware buttons around the device. On the left hand side you have a dedicated "Firefly" button (more on that later) along with the volume up and down keys. On the top you have the power button and the 3.5 mm jack for headphones. You also have a single physical home button on the front of the phone similar to the one found on the Galaxy S5 and the IPhone 5S. The front look of the device is unique because it has 5 front facing cameras. One of them is the regular front facing camera to take selfies and the other four is for the "Dynamic Perspective" 3D effects (more on that coming up). I don't particularly like the front view but I got used to it and have learned to ignore the camera holes. The phone has a unibody design. Meaning that the back cover is not removable and neither is the battery. It also lacks any slot to use MicroSD cards. The phone is not waterproof either. I would have liked if Amazon would have added a fingerprint scanner on the physical home button of the device. This phone is made primarily to have a convenient way to purchase items on Amazon. It would have been nice to have a fingerprint scanner that would authorize you to make purchases without having to put a password or pin. Not to mention it provides better security than a regular pin or password. Overall, the design of the phone is nice but there is definitely room for improvement in future versions. DISPLAY The phone has a 4.7 inch display that has a resolution of 1280 x 720. That is a step below most high end smartphone. It is not terrible by any means. In fact, I got done reviewing the LG G3 a few days ago and in terms of actual usage the difference in resolution is negligible. The difference is much bigger on paper than in real life usage. From a normal viewing distance you can barely tell any difference. The screen color saturation is pretty nice. One of the things that I like about the phone is the screen brightness. Outdoor visibility is excellent. It is easily one of the brightest smartphones on the market. If you find yourself having a hard time reading and viewing videos outdoors you are going to appreciate this. When indoors I used the phone at around 40% percent brightness and it was more than enough. PERFORMANCE The Fire phone comes with a very powerful processor. It is the Snapdragon 800 clocked in at 2.2 GHz. It also has 2 GB of ram memory. Most of the high end phones released this year have come with the newer Snapdragon 801 which is slightly faster than the one found on the Amazon Fire phone. The Fire phone manages to hold its own though. The interface performed relatively smooth and I did not experienced much lag. You will not have any problem performing everyday tasks like phone calls, text messages, Facebook, Twitter etc. The only time where I experienced a bit of lag and stuttering was when I was playing 3D games that used Dynamic Perspective. They should have gone with the latest processor. Those 3D effects seem to take a lot of processing power. I hope some of these stutters are software bugs that can be improved later on. More often than not the phone felt quick and responsive. I am not going to argue too much about its performance. For general usage it is more than enough but I am a bit concerned on how it will perform over the 2 year contract lifetime. USER INTERFACE, DYNAMIC PERSPECTIVE AND FIREFLY The Amazon Fire phone is an Android phone. It doesn't look like any phone you have used in the past though. That is because it comes with a skin on top of android known as Fire OS. It looks very similar to the one found on the Amazon Kindle Fire tablet. Instead of the regular row of icons and widgets you find on other android smartphones you will see a carousel that scrolls around on your home screen. The carousel shows all of the apps and videos you have used in the past. It shows them in chronological order. The ones you have used more recently appears first. It is very useful when you are trying to switch between recently used applications. Below the carousel you see recommendations and notifications. Remember those four cameras on the front of the device that I talked about earlier? Well the purpose of those is to track your head movements. When you are navigating through apps on any regular phone you will find that you have tabs on the sides of the apps that will open menus and other options if you swipe from the sides. Well on this phone you can do that with a flick of your wrist. Depending on whether you tilt your phone to the left or the right it will show you different menus and additional information. It is useful if you are like using the phone one handed. These gestures are optional though and you can simply use the regular swiping from the sides if you prefer. The gestures are found on some of the apps but not all of them. It will probably be integrated in more apps in the future. Besides tracking your movements the cameras on the front provide what Amazon calls Dynamic Perspective. This adds a 3D effect to the lock screen of the phone as well as games found on the Amazon store. The 3D effect is very impressive. Much better than the one found on the Nintendo 3DS. Amazon included its very own map application that takes advantage of this feature. When you look at the landscape of the map you can clearly see the top of the buildings in 3D. When you tilt the phone to you left you get more information on the map. The games I played that took advantage of Dynamic Perspective were pretty fun. I hope other developers jump into the bandwagon and created more custom applications for this phone. In my time using the phone I did not experience any nausea or eye fatigue with the 3D but that is going to vary from person to person. Firefly is another feature that is exclusive to this phone. When you press the Firefly physical button on the left side of the phone it automatically launches the Firefly application. You can use it to scan products in their packages and check whether it is available on Amazon. You can use it on movies, books, CD, DVDs, foods, diapers etc. It can also scan phone numbers as well as addresses. I personally find it to be a hit and miss in this aspect. Sometimes it makes mistakes when detecting numbers. You can also activate Firefly when you are listening to a song or a movie and it will tell you what it is. It works really fast and I found it to be particularly useful when watching TV. When you use it to find a show it will give the information regarding the actors and the movie. It uses IMDB as a reference. The regular Amazon app that comes in the Play Store has the ability to scan items just like Firefly but it will not scan for phone numbers, songs or movies. There is an app on the Play Store called Shazaam that can be used to scan songs that are playing on the background. So, as you can see, Firefly is a convenient feature but there are alternatives that you can use on other phones. So it is not necessarily a feature that makes this phone a must buy in my opinion. You will like Firefly if you like buying items directly from Amazon though. If you like to do comparison shopping you will probably use it often. The application is easy to use and makes buying from Amazon incredibly simple. CAMERA The phone comes with a 13 Megapixel camera. I was very pleased with the shots I managed to take. I found night time pictures to be above average for a cell phone. I found the phone took a 2-3 seconds to take each shot at nigh time but for the most part they came out relatively noise free. I took a few pictures during daytime and found it to be very nice also. The pictures had plenty of detail when you zoom them and the colors did not feel washed out. The only thing I would improve is the focusing and shutter time. The LG G3 and Galaxy S5 are quicker to focus. But honestly that is just nitpicking at this point. The camera is very good. I was satisfied. The software and user interface of the camera app was very simple and easy to use. Not as feature packed as the one found on Galaxy S5 or Sony Xperia Z2 but that is not necessarily a bad thing. I prefer the clutter free interface better. Most of the critically important modes were present including HDR mode. HDR mode had a pretty natural effect. Other smartphones provide a very artificial and retouched feel in HDR mode. As far as video is concerned you can take videos at 1080p resolution at 30 frames per second. The videos looked sharp but nothing out of the ordinary. For the most part they were relatively stable and were not shaky (by cell phone standards). Most high end cell phones are starting to come out with the ability to record at 4K resolution. That is not a priority now it may be in a couple of years once 4K TV prices start to lower their prices. This phone cannot do that. Keep this in mind if you are planning to get this phone. As a bonus Amazon has offered unlimited cloud storage for pictures taken with this cell phone. Pretty sweet deal. I am not sure if videos are included though. I have not tried uploading any pictures because my internet connection is slow and it takes forever for me to do that. APP STORE AND ECOSYSTEM Amazon like other phones come with its own suite of apps. It comes with its very own its custom browser, calendar, email, maps and more. For the most part they are decent apps but not as refined as the Google apps. Keep in mind that you will not have access to any of the Google apps on this phone. That means you will not be able to use Google Chrome, Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps, or Google Music. That is a huge negative of this phone. If you are deeply entrenched in the Google ecosystem this may not be the phone for you. Everything is not bad though. When you buy this cell phone you get one year access to Prime membership. That means you can get free two day shipping to many of the items found on Amazon. You also have access to Prime Instant Videos and Music. Neither one has a particularly large library but I always find something decent to watch. As of the time I am writing this review this is the only android cell phone with access to Amazon Prime Instant videos. However, I read that Amazon is going to be adding the Instant video app to the Play Store soon. That means other cell phones are going to be able to use it as well. Unfortunately this phone does not have access to the Google Play Store. Instead you have to rely on the Amazon App Store to get your apps. Most of the big apps are available such as Facebook, Twitter, and Vine. It also has a lot of the most popular games. Where it falls short is with smaller apps. There is not nearly as much customization available. There are less available keyboards, launchers, and themes to choose from. When you dig deeper than the popular apps you will notice there are many apps missing that are available on the Play Store and the IOS App Store. CUSTOMER SERVICE AND MAYDAY BUTTON This phone comes with a feature called Mayday. When you activate this feature you get access to an Amazon live customer service rep that helps you operate the phone and answer any questions you might have about the user interface. They can even take control of the phone with your permission and show you step by step instructions in case you get stuck. The service is available 24/7 and it is free. It takes only about 15 seconds from the time you push the mayday button to the time you start talking to the agent. It is an invaluable tool for those people that are not good with technology and have a hard time adjusting to smartphones. It is excellent for first time smartphone users. This is a service that no other phone company can match at the moment. I have dealt with Amazon for many year. I have purchased and sold hundreds of item on the website. Every time I have had a problem I have found the customer service to be helpful, efficient, and reliable. If you ever have any problem with the phone and it needs replacing it will take no more than a few minutes to talk to an agent and they will be ordering an exchange. The only other company that can match this level of service is Apple. I have tried dealing with Samsung, LG, and HTC and it has been a real pain to get decent customer service. STORAGE The base model of the phone comes with a 32 GB hard drive. There is also a 64 GB model available for $100 dollars more. Keep in mind there is no MicroSD card slot available. So what you see is what you get. There is no way to add more storage. I am using the 32 GB model. Only 23 GB was available out of the box. BATTERY LIFE This phone comes with a non-removable 2400 mah battery. Most smartphones have a battery life of at least a day. Most of the big android phones can last longer than that if you are careful and don't use the phone much. Amazon claims this phone can last a day with normal use. I barely made it to the end of the day before having to recharge the phone. I had to watch myself on more than one occasion or I would have the need to recharge by 3 p.m. This is while sending a few text, making a couple of calls, browsing the web for about an hour. I kept the brightness at about half way most of the time. The dynamic perspective seems to take a real toll on the battery. I could turn it off but then what is the purpose of buying this phone. The battery life is disappointing, there is no getting around that. The fact that you can't remove it and replace it with another one makes it even worse. A real shame. Definitely one of the weakest points of this phone. HEADPHONES AND AUDIO SPEAKERS Along with the phone Amazon will also package a pair of headphones. The cable on the headphones is flat and has magnetic ear buds. This makes the headphones tangle free which is critical to the durability of headphones. I found the sound to be crisp and loud for small headphones. It is not audiophile quality but it will get the job done when you are on the go. As far as sound is concerned they are in the same category as Apple ear buds. The phone has a set of dual speakers on the bottom of the phone. By cell phone standards they are pretty good. They are fairly loud and don't have a muddy sound like the one on the S5. I have not used them much though. I am more of a headphone person. VALUE FOR $$$ This phone is very expensive, it costs $200 dollars with a 2 year contract and $650 dollars without one. All of the major premium manufacturers cost $100 with a contract. That includes the IPhone 5S, HTC One (M8), Samsung Galaxy S5 and the just released LG G3. If you are considering a phone off contract I would recommend the Nexus 5 from Google. For $350 you get a premium experience for nearly half the price of the Amazon Fire phone. Even with the free year of Prime membership and the headphones it still feels like a bad deal. It feels like Amazon really missed the boat on the price. The other high end smartphones on the market come with a larger, better quality screen, a faster processor, and a better ecosystem. All cell phones have their pros and their cons, however, when you stack the Fire phone head to head you will see it comes up short just about every time. Also keep in mind that the only carrier available is AT&T. So you have no other choice in the matter. The phone comes locked into the network. CONCLUSION So do I recommend this phone? Not really. Not at this price. The phone has a nice screen, good camera, and it is nicely built. However, its unique features are not enough to make me consider it over others in the market. The 3D capabilities are good and it has a lot of potential but as of right now it feels like a glorified Nintendo 3DS. Most of the 3D effect are prevalent on games and nothing more. The phone has very mediocre battery life and I can't help but feel trapped in Amazon ecosystem. I miss the Google apps. I personally rely on Google Maps, Google Music, and Gmail every day. The only people I would recommend this phone are those that are buying a smartphone for the first time. The Mayday technical support is fantastic and is very helpful for new comers. New comers are less likely to miss the useful Google apps that are absent on this smartphone. I was not impressed by the first edition of the Kindle Fire tablet but Amazon improved it considerably with future versions. I really hope they do the same with its phone. It really needs it. I don't want to sound negative, the phone itself is pretty good. But I have to be honest. There are better options. I hope this review has helped you decide whether this phone is right for you. I thank you for having taken the time to read it. If you have any other questions regarding the phone please feel free to put it on the comment section and I will try to answer them to the best of my ability.
Ongoing Review of Amazon Fire Phone. Good for Prime user! May need bit more better price to convince non Prime user to buy This is the Amazon phone you are looking for! Does everything Amazon which is great consider I have Kindle. This review will constantly be updated. If you find this helpful, please press Yes below. My profile: Heavy gadget users for personal and business purposes. I use my phone (Galaxy S5) quite a bit for personal use and iPhone 5 for work I have the following and/or used the following before: 1) iPhone 5 2) Galaxy S5 3) Galaxy S3 4) Wife's Moto X 5) Galaxy Nexus 6) Nexus One 7) iPhone 3GS I've been through many devices and also Kindle Fire Tablets. This will be an ongoing review for this device throughout this next year. I will provide a detail comparison between the smartphones I use and a little bit of Kindle Fire comparison (which uses similar OS). Spec (8/10): For Amazon first attempt, this is a very decent phone. It has the speed of my wife's Moto X but not where it is for Galaxy S5. However, this phone is built much differently for different purpose. It's an "experience" phone rather than a "spec" phone. Like an iPhone or Moto X, it provides a very tight experience to its Fire OS without needing any of the raw power that you get from Galaxy S5 to please you. It's a phone that does "just enough" for all the things the OS is capable of doing for you Screen (9/10): This screen is very nice. At 720p, it may not have the clarity of the Galaxy S5 but beats the iPhone 5. Video on this is crisp. Running 720p content is absolutely fabulous on this device and no shadowing whatsoever. Sound(8/10): The sound system in this Fire Phone is Digital Dolby Plus. This means lots of virtualization of sound and a good pair of earphones wlil help you go through your tracks. Quality is on par with Galaxy S5 for low bitrate soundtrack but at higher bitrate, the Galaxy S5 maybe better with the 24-bit/192kHz DAC built in that the Fire Phone is lacking. The earphone that comes with the device is very clever with magnetic pad to stick the earphones together and reduce tangle. Build & Styling (7/10): This Fire Phone is a sturdy piece of brick. Yes, a brick I said because there's not much styling to it. It's like holding a phone from 2010. Styling is more inline with the Nexus 4 with Glass back and the iPhone 3GS with round side. People may think you are holding some cheapo knockoff phone without the Amazon logo on the back of the phone. Definitely you won't impress your colleagues if you are going for the looks. However, it does feel very sturdy and I can tell it can take some major drops. I advise getting a case to stylize your phone Camera (8/10) The Camera on the Fire Phone is mediocre at best. It's not as good as Galaxy S5 16MP ISOCELL camera but it serves it purpose. There is Optical Image Stabilization on this camera which is done quite well and much less blurry shots that you expect from phones such as the Galaxy S5. Details won't be on par with Galaxy S5 but for those quick snap this is the phone to use. The best part about the camera is not actually the camera but the free cloud storage on the camera. You get UNLIMITED photo storage using the Fire Phone. For the ones that go crazy snapping around all the time, you don't have to worry about storage space anymore. Remember this is for photos and not for videos. Videos still have storage limits. Software & Experience (8/10): There are two major software that is the biggest feature on this phone Dynamic Perspective - This tracks your head movement by using the 5 cameras in the four corners of the Fire Phone's front face to track your head constantly. If you try to move your head or tilt your phone, your perspective will be align with the phone. Special viewpoints are like the edge of icons, image focus that you don't see at other angles. It's fun to play with but frankly a bit of a gimmick. Firefly - Click the firefly button on the phone and point it towards the item you want to purchase, and it will appear on your phone for purchase if available or recognized. It's great idea but really only works around 50% of the time. For example, it's definitely not useful if the item is not on Amazon's selection (which is possible surprisingly) or that it recognize it as something else. Purchasing can't be more easier with this and it's a very good direction Amazon is taking for improve customer experience. But until this can work more than 50% of the time, I will stick with the Amazon mobile store for purchases. The other apps are very similar to the Kindle Fire apps. If you are using a Kindle Fire, this should be easy for you to use and navigate. Things like Mayday is still available on the phone which is definitely useful for people who are less tech savvy. I will find this very useful for my mom so that she can ask Mayday rep the tech questions instead of me! This phone is definitely not as open as actual Android phones such as Galaxy S5. Although Fire OS is based on Android, it is still a very closed system and it's Amazon every intention to keep you in their ecosystem. If you are like me who have Amazon Prime, this device is a godsend. All your instant video/musics/purchase is tightly intergrated to this smartphone. If you live by Amazon, this is the phone to get. However, if you like to play around with things such as custom ROMs then it's best to stay off this phone. You won't be getting the type of freedom on customization that you get on Android. Battery (6.5/10): Battery life is quite good given the phone is not top specification. However, the Dynamic Perspective and Firefly can drain your battery quite fast if you use it constantly. Unfortunately, you cannot remove the battery of the phone and replace it with another (which Galaxy S5 has and it is very handy feature to have) so you better be careful how you use your phone. Complimentary Accessories (6/10): There are quite a number of cases out for the Fire Phone at launch which is great. Additionally the accessories that come with the phone such as the earphone are very good. Value (6/10): This is a very hard one to write about. On one hand, you get one full year of Prime membership for free which is 99 dollars in value + unlimited photo storage (which can be quite expensive if you are using other cloud service to storage over 1000 GB of photos) On the other hand, you are lock down to all Amazon services + AT&T exclusivity + mediocre specification (though enough for this phone as I mentioned) + $200 on contract for 32gb which is as expensive as some high end phones available today For value, it really comes down to how often you use Amazon. If you are an Amazonholic, then this phone will not disappoint you. However, if you don't even have Amazon Prime to begin with or that you are not locked down currently to any Amazon service, this device can be quite expensive for getting into Amazon services. Conclusion in one sentence: Great for CURRENT Amazon service users & not so great for anyone not locked into their system yet. Perhaps Amazon needs to rethink its pricing strategy for this device. For current Amazon customers such as myself who know Amazon good service that we are currently locked into, this is a great upgrade to enhance the shopping experience of Amazon and to enjoy all the Amazon Prime services on my most frequently used device. However, it can be quite expensive sacrifice for newcomers to Amazon ecosystem especially this phone is not cheap (unlike the Kindle Fire) and that the mediocre specs are not selling itself. Especially with AT&T exclusivity, I don't see how this device will be flying off the shelf (think Facebook phone). What Amazon should do is to reprice this to cheaper bracket (Free on 2 year contract at least) or let people try using this phone for free for a limited amount of time. Dynamic Perspective and Firefly are just not enough to sell the phone to newcomers. As mentioned, I will update this review periodically. Next time I will focus on physical wear and tear of the machine after couple more months and again on battery life (as all electronics have a diminishing battery duration throughout its course of use). [...] Thanks for reading!
Extremely Sad and Dissatisfied Extremely sad and dissatisfied with this product. I have been looking forward to this phone for a while now and it saddens me to give it a bad review. Not everything's bad about this phone, but the cons are greater than the pros. Pros: - The form factor of the phone itself is excellent. - Nice size screen. - Amazing speakers. I have never stumbled upon a cellphone with such an amazing sound quality. - Instant access to the camera at the touch of a button. - Beautifully designed; very elegant. - Access to Mayday which is super helpful. - Average picture quality. - 12 months of prime included. - Very fast internet browser. - Firefly works just as announced. - The earbuds are pretty decent. The flat part doesn't tangle; can't say much about the rest of it. Cons: - The battery life is absolutely horrendous. Amazon promises "Fire phone delivers up to 285 hours of standby time, up to 22 hours of talk time, up to 65 hours of audio playback, and up to 11 hours of video playback" This is the biggest lie that any company has ever made. I don't know why Amazon is claiming such a thing when it's not nearly close to be true. I took the phone to work this morning with 98% battery life. I checked my Instagram during my fifteen minute break, and read my email as well. The phone was on 2% by 10AM. I wasn't running Bluetooth, GPS, or wifi, nor was I streaming music or videos (more about videos later); just a simple thing such as checking my email and looking at my Instagram feed for about fifteen minutes. - The phone gets super hot. I understand that electronic devices get warm once in a while depending on how much you're using it, but Fire Phone wasn't warm, it was HOT! I guess that's why it's called Fire Phone. Joke aside, the phone does get extremely uncomfortably hot even whilst you're not even using it. I had it in my front pocket and had to take it out because the warmth was bothering me. - The camera takes decent photos; nothing to drool for. The picture button comes in handy and is very simple to use. Everything's nice and dandy until you get home and realize you're phone spent all day taking photos of the inside of your pocket. I don't weak skinny jeans or anything tight. I had my phone in my messenger bag and it took four photos of the inside of the bag. The hardware picture button is too easily pressed. - I know that Amazon talked about how amazing Dynamic Perspective was, and all I've got to say is Thank God there's a way to turn it off, because all it did was to give me a headache. Some people might like it, but I thought it was just too gimmicky. Auto scroll worked 75% of the time as expected. And why do I need to tilt my phone to "peek" on my status bar?? Annoying. - The lack of YouTube and Snapchat are a bummer. I'm sure they'll arrive eventually, but there aren't available as of right now. - There's no way to organize your apps in different folders, so be ready to scroll and scroll to find the one app you're looking for. - You can't pin anything to the home screen because there isn't one. All there is is a carousel with your most recent apps. - You need to swipe up to go back. How does this make any sense again? It makes me sad that I had to give such a horrible review to the Fire Phone because I love Amazon. I've owned three kindles and never had any issues with them, but it seems like they released a promising phone way too soon. I just spoke to the customer representative and he sent me a return label for a full refund. I wish things were different. ** UPDATE ** Amazon was extremely helpful when it came to return the phone. They emailed me a shipping label and refunded me the money within two days.
WARNING! Preloaded app My AT&T is shockingly invasive! WARNING! My AT&T app is preloaded on the phone, and you cannot delete it, or change the permissions it has. And the permissions it has are the biggest problem I've encountered with this phone by far. This app has some scary permissions, but the one that really bothered me is the following: Camera Allows the app to take pictures and videos with the camera. This permission allows the app to use the camera at any time without your confirmation. ( that is word for word!)
Initially I hated it and was going to return it BUT..... Okay...I purposely waited a few days to review this phone. Absolutely hated it and was going to return it on the first day (Thursday). Second day, I decided to give the phone a chance. Today (Monday) I am liking the phone but there still are issues. - The Keyboard - small - no way to make it bigger and cannot download another keyboard app. - Sound - the speakers sound a bit tinny - the sound is good through the earphones though. - Call answering - the decline call button is on the left (it was on the right on all of my previous phones) so I have been declining calls by mistake. - Camera button - it is so close to the sound buttons I am constantly hitting it by mistake (will take some getting used to but I can live with it) - Battery Life - seems to be getting better the longer I use the phone but still not wonderful. Initially the phone had a battery life of about 4-6 hrs. After turning off a lot of the push notifications i.e. email and apps, the battery life now is much longer but still not where it needs to be. Will followup on this matter again later. - Apps - knew going into the phone it was going to be an issue but expect that since Amazon wants to sell the phone they will work on the app issue. Frankly this is something that should have been address PRIOR to release instead of after. - Wifi - not sure what the issue is here. The wifi signal is about half of what it should be BUT I have not had any problems connecting and downloading apps. I have not attempted to stream yet and this is where it will likely make the difference. Not sure why the wifi signal is so low, this is the only device that I have this issue with. I will followup to this post if this is an issue with streaming. - Dynamic perspective - this feature is great, especially if you are a gamer. Now time for more content! (Amazon are you listening??!!!) - Firefly - only tried it a few times. It worked perfectly on books, music and TV shows. It did not recognize any products I scanned. Good Feature but database needs to be developed more. - Photos - photo quality is excellent. I love the ability to add a photo by swiping in email. Very convenient! My thoughts on this phone is that perhaps it was rushed out before it was ready. I understand they spent four years working on it but 6 more months after beta testing probably wouldn't have hurt. Getting this type of feedback before release could mean the difference between success and failure. Probably very avoidable because I see that alot of people are having the same issues and/or complaints and a lot of the issues are software based. What is good with this phone is very good. The hardware itself appears to be well made. Screen is very clear. The auto brightness seems to be a bit dark. Amazon has a good product here hopefully they will listen to theiir customers and update the software to address the issues. Amazon does have a game changing phone on their hands. The question is will they fix the issues and have a better phone or will another manufacture to do and steal their thunder. AMAZON!!! Take note please: It should be a good phone first and a marketing tool second. Not the other way around. And secondly, it's a phone, not a kindle, some changes/differences are necessary. Bottom line - As of today, I am keeping the phone and am hoping that Amazon addresses as many of the issues as possible with software updates. If not, one year from now I will own another phone. I have been with Amazon for years. They have always been a customer service oriented company so I have faith that they will do the right thing here. UPDATE: I realized while using the phone that there is no notification in the top bar of the phone. i.e. voicemail icon. The notifications appear in the pull down but not at the top. No way to make it that way either. I was told that the top bar was intentionally left uncluttered. I think this is a good choice Amazon but we need to have a voicemail notification that readily visible on the phone. My suggestions to Amazon, remove the Silk Icon and replace it with the voicemail icon. So the top icons on the first screen would then be: Phone, Messaging, Email and Voicemail. Makes a bit more common sense. I have used the Mayday app twice now to address concerns. Amazon seems to really want to hear about the issues and each time they have sent my concerns up for review to see if the matters can be addressed (at least they told me they would). That makes me hopeful. The techs on the other end have been as helpful as they could be. Also, battery much better today. It has lasted all day and is now at 43%. Not sure why it was so bad on the first few days but it seems to be getting just a little bit better each day. I did turn off a lot of app notifications, the default on the phone is to enable ALL app notifications regardless of the app. Perhaps the default should be to disable and let the user make the decision. 7/31/14 Battery is now lasting about a day as long as I don't stream music or video which admittedly would be an issue on any phone. But...the battery life is still not comparable to other phones on the market today. 9/23/14 Felt compelled to return and update my review on this phone. Having given the phone some time after the update I am sorry to say that I'm not in love with the phone. Even more, I'm not particularly in "like" with the phone. To top it off, the price of the phone has been cut $200.00 and no refund in sight for me. I really was hoping that Amazon would come through with an update to this phone that was going to make me fall in love with it. So far....nothing but crickets!!! Battery life sucks...the amazon appstore has not stepped up to the plate and produced...and since the first update, the phone has become unresponsive at times and I am forced to fully restart. I'm also still waiting for apps that take advantage of the dynamic perspective. Come on Amazon!!!! Get with the program!!!
Fire Phone Review, One Month After Purchase I've had the Fire Phone for about a month now. Prior to the Fire Phone, I had an iPhone 5. After reading some of the poor reviews, I decided to write one myself. I have been extremely happy with the phone. Pros: -Amazon ecosystem: As a Prime member, I get seamless access to all the Prime content (Kindle books, free streaming video, cloud storage). You can even download movies/tv shows for free and watch them offline. -Mayday/Customer Service: The interface takes a bit to get used to (i.e. swiping up is the back button) and so I had to contact customer service a few times. You can contact Mayday in the touch of a button, with someone taking over control of your phone and assisting you in seconds. You can also send "feedback" and an Amazon rep will e-mail you with a response within a few hours. -Battery Life: Since the software update, the battery life is much improved and a strength of the device. It definitely lasts longer than my iPhone 5. I have been using the phone regularly all day (web searching, checking e-mail, texting) and I am still at 50% battery. The same could not be said about my iPhone. Cons/Disappointments: -Dynamic Perspective and Firefly: Funny enough, two of Amazon's selling points have been my disappointments with the phone. Dynamic Perspective works well, but at this point, it doesn't have much use. Firefly works well when it recognizes an item (i.e a cereal box) but it still does not recognize items seamlessly like I hoped it would. -App Store: Without the Google Play store, Amazon still has a way to go with the App Store. It has most of the major apps but I find myself sometimes wanting to download an app to find it not being available on the Fire Phone (i.e. Venmo, Lyft, BofA Banking). All together, I am very happy with the phone. It definitely still has room for improvement, but the phone's weaknesses are software issues. I am a big Amazon fan and I have no doubt Amazon will continue to develop the phone's capabilities in the future. They will keep sending software updates, adding new apps, and hopefully will improve the usage of Dynamic Perspective. For those complaining about paying $199 for the phone, contact customer service and get a refund! Amazon has released publicly for you to contact customer service and you will receive the $199! For $.99, including a full year of Prime, the phone is a great value. I realize that the price ties you into a contract, but so does paying the subsidized prices for an iPhone or Samsung device. Including the year of Prime, the Fire Phone is $300 cheaper than the iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy 5. I normally don't write reviews, but after seeing some of the negative feedback I had to add my input!
Too many Cons to out weigh the Pros, unless you really need a new phone and shop on Amazon daily. The phone has many good ideas which were poorly executed. Let me list just a few of the issues that I've had with this phone after using it for 2 weeks. - The dynamic perspective is fun in theory, but becomes annoying in lower light when it senses your face or somebody next to you and makes the objects on the screen bounce left and right jarringly. - If the phone doesn't sense your face in the dark it will turn on and then off again. It might take 2 or 3 trys. - If the phone thinks its senses a face (just guessing) it won't shut off (black the screen) and your pocket will start to feel very warm. - motion controls (which were a big selling point in their marketing and in my purchase decision) work about 50% of the time. - No Hulu app...? seriously - if your contacts have the number one in front i.e. 1 (###) ###-####; it will say that it is an invalid contact for group messages and image texting, so I've had to go through hundreds of contacts to delete these 1's I know that some issues can be resolved with OS updates, but in the meantime, it is almost too frustrating to use the phone. I really wanted to like this phone, but I should have went with my gut and waited for the next model.
TERRIBLE! Amazon had some good ideas with the phone, but many of the daily uses of the phone are absolutely worthless. I love Amazon products and we even have two Kindle Fires in our house, so I thought the phone would be amazing as well. I was VERY wrong. I knew that some of the common apps were not on the phone yet, which I could live with but there were many things that made having this phone worse than any other phone I have ever had. 1. It gets incredibly hot, I was on the phone for less than 5 minutes when I had to turn it on speaker and put it on a table to talk because it was burning my face. 2. There is no back button. Yes, you should be able to move your hand a certain way to go back or turn pages but most times nothing worked and I would have to just return to my home screen and start again. 3. The battery life is terrible, I charged it for over 6 hours and it only had 80% at 6:00am, by 9:30am it was completely dead. 4. The battery would only charge if the phone was turned off. SERIOUSLY? In conclusion, I will NEVER get a first generation phone again. I am very highly dissatisfied with the Amazon Fire phone and do not recommend it to anyone. I am planning on switching to a Galaxy S5. Amazon should have tested this phone out more before releasing it to the public, it is really sad that this phone is this bad.
Two week review UPDATED AFTER 2 MONTHS 5 Oct 2014 UPDATE The phone is still great. Unfortunately, the reviews do not reflect the reality of the Fire Phone, just the prejudices of some reviewers (both in the media and on this site): 1) It is not an iPhone and it is not a generic android phone. It uses Amazon's own operating system which is heavily based on android, but it is not the android that some people want. Google does not recognize it as android, so access is denied to googlePlay and googleServices by google. If you want an android phone, do not buy this phone. Amazon is not Apple. If you want an iPhone, do not buy this phone. 2) It is heavily integrated with services provided by Amazon. If you are not interested in Amazon services (books, videos, music, games, apps, the webstore, Amazon Cloud Drive), do not buy this phone. You won't like to and you will feel you are being pressured to use Amazon services because they are so seamlessly available from the phone. I use Amazon services almost exclusively for my digital purchases. I love the seamless integration. However, if I bought most of my digital purchases from Apple or google, I would not like this phone. 3) If you want a phone powered by rats spinning in a wheel, don't buy this phone. It uses real electrical energy powered by sources from the existing power grid in the United States, both for the phone itself and the cloud services it supports. 4) If you want a phone that works exactly like the phone you have now, don't buy it. It is not exactly like the phone you currently have. 5) If you do not want to use ATT as a provider, don't buy the phone. It won't work. Wait until the exclusivity ends and other carriers can offer it. 6) If you want stellar customer service, buy the phone from Amazon, not ATT. There are two extremes in customer service: Amazon is on one end and ATT is on the other. Unfortunately, you still have to deal with ATT for phone service issues. I have for years. I hate ATT, but they are the only game in town for this phone today. Get over it. I did. There is no such thing as a good telephone service provider, in the United States or in any other country I have worked in or lived in. It is the nature of phone services. They make money by having massive numbers of customers who each spend tiny amounts of money (relative to their total revenues). All customers are expendable because they can easily be replaced by others. They don't like you and you shouldn't like them. They are commercial enterprises, not your friend. Don't expect love. The same is true of Amazon. It is trying to build a business based on exceptional customer service. If and when they decide another business strategy is better for their owners, they will do it. But for now, Amazon can't be beat for customer service and a commitment to testing new markets and products (that are affordable). I have nothing to modify in my original review below, except for a few comments: 1) My phone was unlocked by ATT (I am an existing customer). I have been using it in Europe and Africa with 3 different providers and the phone works flawlessly, both using the cellular network and in connecting to available wifi hotspots. It works better than my Nokia and Samsung phones did in poor reception areas in Africa. Europe has better reception than the US in every country I work, so it is not an issue for any phone. 2) Some minor issues were resolved by the original update in August. Amazon announced that the new version of its operating system (being rolled out with the new Fire tablets) will be available for the phone early next year. I personally don't have any issues with the current operating system, but some people may feel it is too limited in options, especially those used to pure android phones which have so many options you can't actually figure out how to configure them. 3) The phone is exceptionally well built and durable. I only have the Amazon back case, but the phone looks like new and I have dropped it a lot (although not from a balcony or a cliff). Within 2 months of getting my Samsung S3 I had to purchase an Otter Case because the phone looked like it had been polished with course sand. 4) I, like everyone else who asked, got a $200 refund within hours of asking. Another example of Amazon's customer service. The price of one of the first versions of the iPhone had a price drop pretty quickly and Steve Jobs apologized. I prefer a refund. For those buying the phone, enjoy it. For those looking for that energy-free alternative, good luck finding it. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I have had my Fire Phone (64gb, no contract) for about two weeks and thought it was a time to write a review since so many of the reviews (especially the negative ones) are from trolls who have never seen, much less used, the Fire Phone. We actually have two of the phones. I am a confirmed Amazon user, and will continue to be one as long as Amazon offers the best customer service of any company, government agency, school, or employer I have experienced. However, my loyalty is only as deep as Amazon's ability to maintain that level of quality service and products. Having said that, the Fire Phone is certainly consistent with what I expected from Amazon. First of all, it is not perfect. This is version 1, and like versions 1 of the Kindle reader and the Kindle Fire, I am confident that Amazon will improve the product rapidly. I am certain we will see software upgrades soon for most of the minor glitches users have noted. Overall, I really like this phone. I wasn't expecting that in light of the mostly negative or lukewarm pre-reviews in the tech press. It has quickly become the phone of choice for me and my wife. We have sold or given away our Samsung Galaxy 3's (good riddance) and my Nokia 820 Windows phone (a really good phone, but severely limited by the tiny Windows Phone ecosystem). Google, Apple, or Amazon Devices? If you are a heavy user of Amazon services and/or Kindle Fire, the choice of this phone is a no brainer. It really works well in integrating with the Kindle Fire and with Amazon services. If you are a heavy user of google services or iStuff, this is definitely not the phone for you. Although the Fire OS is android-based, it is not pure android (which makes me happy). Because of that Google will not allow it to be used for googlePlay or most other services. There are work-arounds to get Chrome, google maps, and youtube, but that is about it. Of course, you can get gmail on this phone (although syncing contacts and calendar will require a complicated work-around (search for several methods on the Internet with the search term "google apps on Kindle Fire"). If you are a google and/or open android fanatic, you will hate this phone. For Apple junkies, it is even clearer that this is not the phone for you. Don't even consider it unless you are switching to the Amazon ecosystem. ATT is it for now, whether you like it or not. I am a confirmed ATT hater, but also a longtime trapped customer of ATT because of my needs. There are few companies with worse customer service or marketing/sales trickery than ATT (except, depending on your experience, Verizon, Sprint, T-mobile, US Cellular, and every other phone carrier, cable company, and bank you can name), but they have the best coverage in many parts of the country and it made sense for Amazon to launch with exclusivity (just like the first iPhones did, as well as original Kindle Fire 4G). ATT has been supplementing Amazon's marketing well so far. The exclusivity will end at some point, probably not too far off. The good news is the phone is not loaded with ATT junk apps, unlike Samsung phones. In fact, no ATT apps at all. I have a no contract phone because I need it unlocked for international travel. Currently, ATT's policy is to unlock no contract phones for existing customers after 60 days, so mine can be unlocked in another 6 weeks (I am counting). The other good news is this phone is capable of using almost every protocol in use in the world, so it can be used almost anywhere (except North Korea and a few other places). That is one thing ATT does right, unlike some other companies. Heat? Several reviewers commented that the phone gets hot. Every device I have ever had gets hot at first when setting it up (a lot is going on). For both our phones, they didn't get noticeably warm after the first couple of days. Feel and build The phone is a nice size and weight. It is perfect for both of us for one-handed use and it doesn't make you look like you are holding a book to your ear like larger phones. It doesn't feel like a cheap piece of plastic, like my Samsung Galaxy. On the other hand, it won't win any design awards. So what. Only 720p!! Several comments (from posters who obviously have never seen the phone) relate to the 720p resolution. It is almost impossible to tell the difference between 720p and 1080p screens at this size and use distance. In fact, pixel count is more important, and this phone has better resolution than most phones (it does record video in 1080). I have terrible vision and can use this phone easily without reading glasses, unlike my Galaxy. It also has the best outdoor display of any phone I have tried (even better than my Nokia Lumia 820, which is pretty good). Works well with sunglasses. Actually, the phone's display resolution and brightness is one of its best features. Where are my google apps? The Amazon app store is much smaller than googlePlay or the iStore. However, it doesn't have hundreds of thousands apps that don't really work (yes, I mean googlePlay). It does have a good selection of mainstream apps, and I am happy except for a few favorites that are not available, but will certainly be available soon. It is very simple to convert android apps for use on Amazon products, so I am sure most popular apps will be available soon (the same as was the case with the Kindle Fire when it was first released). However, a lot of specialized apps will probably never be available unless Amazon sells a lot more phones than is likely, so there will never be the selection available for the iPhone (especially business-related apps). Bluetooth and sound It does not currently support bluetooth low energy (4.0), but Amazon has said the chip is capable and there will be a software update rolled out to enable it. That bluetooth version is necessary to support a number of new devices that sync data via Bluetooth (like fitness devices). The built-in speakers are okay, but nothing to brag about. Pairing with Bluetooth is easy and stable. I use a Bose earbud, which paired flawlessly and works really well in every way with the Fire Phone). I have also paired bluetooth my 3 different bluetooth speaker without any problems. BTW, the included wired earbuds are very good (if they fit your ears). Unfortunately, they are one size fits all. Settings One of my irritations is with the poorly organized, deeply complex settings on other android phones. The Fire Phone has easy to find settings and they are logically organized. They are somewhat limited at this point (although several note that more settings will be available in the future). Voice commands The Siri-like voice function works pretty well for a new product. I use it a lot, something I did not do with my Galaxy. It is especially useful for looking up phone contacts, dictating SMS messages and short emails. Searching the Internet with voice has worked almost flawlessly for me. Verdict: I predict the voice function will become one of the strongest features of the Fire Phone. Dynamic Perspective Nice gimmick that I assume will be integrated into more apps in the future. The "peek" function works pretty well in keeping the screens uncluttered (especially in maps). I like it and hope it will develop. Firefly Very limited right now. Takes me a long time to get objects recognized. Mostly good for scanning bar and QR codes at this point, but this should also be a great function in the future. The advantage of Amazon's version is that it is available for app developers to integrate into their products. That should make it very useful. Camera Better than my Samsung, Nokia, and Kindle Fire cameras. I like it, especially the simple but robust video function. Side panels One of the best features for me is the left and right side panels. They work well, especially on the home page. The left panel serves the function of the top level tabs on the Kindle Fire to access each of the Amazon services. The right panel keeps track of current calendar, email, and text messages, as well as the weather. The device flicks are easy to use (once you practice a bit). They are also easily accessible with finger swipes. Again, I assume they will be integrated into apps over time. Tilt to scroll Only works in the Silk browser right now, but is scheduled to be included in an update to the Kindle reading app soon. Works well for me. I like it. Customization Limited now, as it was with the first generations of the Kindle readers and Fires. I expect it to get more robust over time. One thing needed is an option to control font size outside of apps. General I like this phone very much. I should mention that it works very well as a phone (voice quality, reception, etc.). Much better than my Samsung Galaxy as as well as my Nokia Lumia 820. I am happy I bought it, would do it again, and look forward to its development as a preferred alternative for heavy Amazon users that don't want to be pestered by gimmicky google and phone carrier apps. Amazon deserves a lot of credit for trying to create a phone that optimizes functions that are most useful on a smartphone. If you are not as heavy a user of Amazon services as I am (almost my exclusive source of everything I buy if available from Amazon.com), you might want to wait for version 2. If you don't use Amazon for stuff, don't buy it. If you want to use iStuff on your phone, don't buy it. If you love and want to use google services on your phone, don't buy it. Everyone has different preferences. For me, this is the phone I have been waiting for.
Think Different! I think the biggest obstacle the Fire phone has had to overcome are the negative reviews, often given by people who don't own or haven't used this phone. Followers of the "big two" platforms, they feel threatened by the newcomer. I've had the Fire Phone for about six weeks now and still have no regrets, I like it and will consider buying another one when the time comes. This phone wasn't meant to put Android or Apple out of business, it is simply a phone for the rest of us. I'm a confirmed Apple-fanatic, never believing that I would stray from an iPhone, but I'm tired of constantly installing updates, upgrading operating systems and buying new computers and tablets just so everything will continue to work together in harmony. It gets expensive and I'll give Steve Jobs credit for his great marketing strategy, which is why Apple is number one. I just wanted to look at alternatives. I did a lot of comparative shopping between the iPhone 5s, Galaxy S5 and Fire. The iPhone was always my favorite, simple and familiar. I spent a lot of time researching the Galaxy since I recently purchased a Chromebook, but I took notice to all the hardware and software issues that users were having and eventually decided against it. I waited patiently for the debut of the Amazon phone and really wasn't wowed when I first tried it out. Situated between a 5s and an S5, it didn't stand much of a chance. (Not sure who's fault product placement was: AT&T or Amazon). After running the Demo model through it's paces for 30 minutes, the heat emanating from the Fire turned me off. (Although I will give Amazon credit, they resolved that issue by the next time I was in the store.) I was in and out of AT&T about six times over the course of three weeks, always giving the Fire a few more tries. Eventually, it grew on me. Call it economics, I feel like I'm getting more bang for the buck. I don't have the choice of 100,000 apps and games, but being practical, I don't need (or want) that many. I researched the ones that mattered most to me and all were available from Amazon App store and they work flawlessly. Battery life was my biggest concern and the charges continue to get stronger with time. My phone stays on 24/7 and I now charge it about twice a week. Can't beat Amazon for entertainment. This ASAP technology is wonderful and I have no buffering issues even with intermittent wifi. Great job Amazon! These little no-tangle "one size fits all" ear buds are nice too. Most comfortable I've ever worn with good sound quality. My Bose IE2's are now listed on eBay, I'm perfectly happy with Amazons. Firefly is convenient, I love comparative shopping and always go to Amazon to obtain product reviews anyway. Rather or not you buy from Amazon is up to you, they certainly aren't forcing you to and I think it is a nice gesture that I can so easily use their products to retrieve the information I need when shopping. Dynamic Perspective is cool in my opinion. I'm prone to motion sickness and VR sensitivity and it doesn't make me sick. Pretty cool with a couple games I did download. Always admire the lock-screen with plenty of scenes to choose from. Free photo storage for life? Wow, that's priceless! Getting all my iPhone photos secured before wiping it clean to sell was a really pain in the ... The photos I've taken look good and mysteriously show up on my Kindle tablet as well. How cool, cloud storage that isn't going to cost me $$$ every few years buying new computers and iPads. (No offense Apple). Doesn't sync with Google? Having recently purchased a Chromebook is probably the only reason I strayed from Apple products to start with. I don't know what people are trying to sync, I do know all my contacts, emails and calendar info updates quickly in the background with the Fire phone. Maybe some of you people expect too much from this phone, you think? You need 100+ apps on your phone because it makes you look cool. You have to have Android just because it's Android and you like problems. (Face it, you love Windoze computers too don't you?) Apple users, thank you for making the switch and helping Apple become #1 while Steve Jobs was alive to see it. For the rest of us, there's the Fire phone. It is what it is and if you are into the Amazon ecosystem with Kindle books, Audible Audiobooks, Prime music, videos or even shopping, you may very well love this little phone. I know I love mine. Make an informed decision by what you need, not what other people are trying to sway you into doing. If you take this little phone out for a test drive, you may find yourself quite happy with it and the benefits it offers you,
Not Ready for Prime Time I love all things Amazon and especially Kindle so it was with great sorrow - and I do not exaggerate - that I returned the phone to ATT four days after purchasing it. The phone had to constantly be rebooted. The wireless barely worked.When in Washington DC last week for a meeting I could access neither the WiFi nor my 4G service so I could not access my email at all. There are facets of the phone that I did love: Anything Amazon works amazingly well including your Kindle content, music and instant video. In addition, it was easy for me to sync my iTunes music, which I greatly appreciated. Also, the screen on the phone is amazing so it made watching a video a great pleasure. However, at this price point I expected flawless performance and I did not receive it. Finally, I had to pay a $35 restocking fee to ATT in order to return the phone which I found to be nearly intolerable. As an early adopter of many technologies, I know that things do not always work they are intended. But even with this being the first phone, I expected better from the Amazon Fire Phone. It's just not ready for Prime Time.
Will wait to see if thext one is better. I love Amazon. I have been buying with them for years. I am a Prime member and have been for a couple years. I bought the Kindle as an early adopter. The Fire TV was disappointing because the thing has had to be reset to factory twice in less than 4 months. The voice search only works for Amazon, so it's not a feature that gets used. I thought a Fire phone would be amazing. Not so. I bought one and was willing to be gouged by AT&T just to have this phone. Then AT&T wanted over $100 a month for basically the same service I have with T-Mobile. OK. Not cool, but I really wanted this phone. Then I had it got out of the box and charged it %100. It was hard to leave it alone while it charged. Finally got to %100 and started to mess around with settings and ring tones. Was underwhelmed right away with the OS. It felt a bit off. Then the true letdown happened. The apps are seriously lacking. While searching for some pretty basic Android or IOS apps that weren't available, I noticed the phone was getting way to warm. Then I realized the battery was at %72. I had only been using it for about 35 minutes. Lack off apps. Poor operating system. Short battery life. AT&T is the worst. It gets way too warm way too quickly. In the end I'll wait for the 3rd or 4th iteration. Maybe it will be available unlocked. Maybe it will have a real OS. Maybe it won't get hot. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Until then get a real Android phone like a Galaxy. Or get an IOS or Windows phone.
Really wanted to like this phone, NEW PRICE IS A STEAL! Really wanted to like this phone, but alas... its just not very good. First I'd like to say that I am HEAVILY vested in the Amazon ecosystem. I use all their services and have packages on my door every week. I use my phone to buy products all the time, and I am constantly comparing amazon prices anytime I'm at the mall. My friends are sick of hearing "its cheaper on Amazon" I'm sure. But here are some of my qualms about this phone. Firefly: Neat feature that works great, however for 50% of the phone's flagship fleet, it isn't unique to the fire phone. Open the Amazon app on any other phone and search using the FLOW feature. Viola, you have firefly, or at least the product identification portion of it. There are apps that will ID songs for you, the only feature unique to the fire phone is the TV/Movie ID feature, but with even with DTV received through bunny ears, you can ID what you're watching. Dynamic perspective: It is very neat, yes, but if you want to experience this feature go to an ATT store and play with it for 10 mins. The apps that featured dynamic perspective felt awkward while using. Regular tilt apps work the same if not better. The fire phone will track your head, yes, but why not just tilt the phone around? Mayday: When Amazon launched mayday, many were skeptical. In a world of automated help lines and long wait times how can you expect to get a live video stream within seconds? Mayday works great on this phone, however the quality of service is lacking. During launch week I expected everyone to be excited and helpful, however it was as if the MayDay reps had never seen the phone before. My questions were met with long pauses as they searched through their help guide. And many times it was concluded that "the phone can't do that yet, but I will file a ticket on the issue." FireOS: As you've probably read the lack of google play store and google apps is a big bummer. I found that most the Apps that I used on my previous android were not available on the amazon app store. I assume the 1000 coins ($10) included for premium apps is intended to help with the transition, but that didn't help. Overall I felt incredibly limited with what I could do with the FireOS and amazon app store. I use android over apple for the freedom of customization. I concluded that this phone would be great for someone who had previous experience with Apple devices and wanted to try something similar. After spending a week trying to find a reason to keep the phone I decided to send it to my 50 year old mother to replace her aging iphone 3GS. However she kindly sent it back to me, stating that the gestures were confusing. She found herself tilting the phone accidentally and having extra information/sidebars pop up on her while trying to use the phone. Other cons: Overheating - I left my Fire and my Galaxy S2 in my truck one day while I was at work and after they both baked in the Texas heat, the Fire was hot to the touch and powered down, while the old S2 was still going strong! The camera button was the greatest thing about this phone. I almost kept it just because it was so nice to be able to snap a picture with just 2 button presses, but in the end that wasn't enough to justify the $199 price tag. ===========================================E-D-I-T============================ With the new price dropping $198.01 this phone is actually quite a deal, especially when you consider that the free year of prime is still included! If you already use and love prime, Amazon is essentially paying you $98 to try their phone. And if you aren't a prime member they're basically giving you a free phone to use with your new prime membership! Of course this does speak volumes as to the quality of this device. I would almost re-purchase this phone, if they were to ever integrate the googleplay store I definitely would snag this up! However I will raise from 2 stars to 3 for the amazing deal this phone is now!
Five stars are for what it can be, not what it is. This is a great phone if you do a little research and spend a little time to modify it. See attached photo of how my phone currently looks. If you want yours to look like this reply here and I'll respond with some direction. Amazon won't let me do it in the review portion. It really is a 5 star phone with a little work :)
Great Phone, IMO Better than iPhone! So I have had my Fire Phone for a couple weeks now and this is what I have noticed so far. (Note, I am a former iPhone user, and since iPhones are the only smart phone I have used in the past, I am coming in with a different perspective than many former Google ecosystem users.) Price: Edit... I bought the phone at full price from the AT&T store and sent an email to Amazon with my concerns on the price drop. Amazon, with no questions asked, applied a credit to my Amazon account for the difference. They stated that since I bought it from AT&T they could not refund the money, which implies that you can get the difference refunded if you purchased it from Amazon. My husband and I buy a lot of things through Amazon so a credit is just as good as a refund for us!!! Now I can say the price is amazing!! $0.99 for a fantastic phone and a year of prime? Who wouldn't buy this!! Battery Life: The first few days I had the phone I played with it non-stop and it still took most the day to lose its charge. Now that I am back to normal use, I have noticed that the battery lasts the same amount of time that my iPhone battery would; maybe a little longer (I can go a 1  - 2 days without charging). The only time I notice that the battery drains faster is when I go off of WiFi and onto the 4G network. The Bluetooth and navigation are also MAJOR battery drains. The one con I have is that my car does not charge the phone, or does not charge it fast enough so using the navigation long distance would be out of the question. Amazon App Store: As stated already, I have never used an Android phone before so I am not familiar with Google apps. Coming from Apple, I knew going into this that there would be limited apps available to me on any Android market. Apple has a far better app store than any Android phone, but this is because iPhones are the most popular phones on the market. I realize that as Amazons app store becomes more popular and companies realize there is a need to make a version for Amazon, that there will be more available. I read a lot of reviews blaming Amazon for their app store, but it is not Amazon that produces the app. They are the new kids on the block so to speak, so eventually companies will catch up with an app version for the Fire Phone as they see a large enough need. So far I have only found two apps that are not available to me that I am used to using. Interface and use: I love that this phone is so different than anything on the market right now! The dynamic perspective is cool, but more than that, for the first time in 6 years I actually feel like I have a new phone! Everything about the iPhone pretty much stays the same, it might get dressed up a little different but basically it hasn't changed much. It took me a few days (and a couple calls to Mayday) to get the hang of the phone. I still try to use the Fire Phone like my old phone, but I am slowly breaking away from it. One con about the way the cameras on the front work (for tracking your facial movements) isn't conducive to using a screen protector. When I put it on, it would have troubles opening to my lock screen and didn't work as smooth; it was fine after I took it off. So my next call to Mayday will be to inquire about that. For Kindle Fire users, you can have your home screen scroll similar to the Kindle or it can be set up more similar to the iPhones home screen with folders. FireFly is a tribute to the wonders of capitalism, but damn if it's not cool! It can detect almost anything. I am an IMDB junkie and when I am watching a movie or TV show it can detect what show I am watching and open it up in IMDB! It can also detect music, which is good for me because I can never remember band names. Also, whenever I am out and about and see a book I am interested in I use FireFly to price check it and also keep a history of the books I want to buy (or rent if they are part of the lending library!). I don't like that there is not a way to turn off push notifications for my email, but it doesn't seem to drain the battery too much and sound notifications can be turned off. Camera and Audio: The camera on this is amazing, at least when compared to the iPhone. The iPhones forward facing camera is really grainy unless the light is perfect. The Fire Phones forward facing camera only gets grainy in really low light (which an iPhone wouldn't even be able to take a clear picture in). The main camera takes great quality photos, far beyond what the iPhone was capable of. I am in love with all the editing tools too!!! You can do just about anything with it. There is the basics such as adjust lighting and HD quality, crop, smooth, color and shading effects that you expect to see now days. And then there are the other cool features! There are "stickers" that let you place and size things on a picture, useful things like an arrow and circle to point something out; less useful like mustaches and fezzes (try to guess which ones I like to use!). You can add text to a picture or actually make your picture into a meme. There is the ability to draw on the picture, whiten, take off blemishes, focus only one area, or color only some areas of a black and white photo. It is light years beyond anything Apple has ever put out (I would normally need an app for that). The sound for audio is clear and loud too; really loud! The ear phones that come with the phone are great as they never get tangled. The main wire is flat and doesn't knot, while the earbuds are magnetic so they don't twist around each other. Again I am disappointed in Amazon for the price drop so soon, from a marketing perspective I understand why they did it; it just leaves a bad vibe for me spending $199 more than someone buying it today (And it is still a new phone for me!). The phone itself is superior to Apple and I am extremely happy with my purchase.
What a crappy phone! I wanted to like the phone, but it's a frustrating experience trying to operate a phone with so many background processes that it doesn't manage basic functions properly. The Audible App, owned by Amazon, keeps crashing my phone. I'm not sure how that's possible, probably a software conflict with the other Amazon sub processes running. Many times when I try to answer the phone, i get the stupid tilt screen. You can't answer the phone until you properly tilt the phone to get to the phone app. The obvious 'home' button press does nothing. By the time you properly tilt the phone, you lost the call. Settings, I set the phone to auto dim, but it seems that the phone sometimes decides to not auto dim and you can't anything outside sometimes. When it works correctly, it's awesome, otherwise, it's unusable. Kindle app is great, you can read on a large, clear screen, and you can listen to the reader within the app. It works flawlessly. 3D works most of the time, but sometimes it crashes and requires a reboot; not always convenient. This is a phone i want to love, but I can't depend on it. Conceptually it's awesome, problem is, it's still in beta and we're the beta testers.
A review from a Fire phone owner who already has Prime (Honesty without gushing, I promise) Overall, I love this phone. I could go on and on about the positives (camera, cloud storage, seamless integration of my Amazon apps, and the motion features), but I think the 4-star rating takes care of that. So...let's talk about the cons and whether they are cons you (or more appropriately, I) can live with. Phone cost: A bit steep according to my non-Prime husband. According to me, as a current Prime subscriber, not so much. For me, the phone basically has a $100 rebate that is applied to my Prime subscription. Battery life/heat: I turned Dynamic Perspective off and dramatically increased my battery life, while decreasing the heat. The tilt function is not accessible with DP off, but I can still use motion controls to see my notifications and the side menus. If the DP feature was a reason why you bought the phone, this isn't a solution that you will like. Limited app store: I have almost 450 apps in my cloud drive, but only use about 20 of them on a regular basis, so this isn't a problem for me. If you need certain apps for work, I would do a quick search for them in the app store before committing to this phone. No micro SD slot: For people invested in the Amazon ecosystem, this is unnecessary. Books, Audiobooks, Music, Movies, Apps, and Docs are held for free in the cloud. Photos taken with the Fire phone are also held in the cloud at no additional cost. Before anyone complains about Amazon trying to force you to stay in their ecosystem, please remember that everyone does this and call out Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Blackberry as well. Things I've already given Amazon feedback on: 1. Collections for Apps on the device (already addressed in software update) 2. Amazon Music and Prime Music in one app - I had this on my old Android phone, not sure why I wouldn't have it on My Fire phone 3. Ability to set silent time (i.e. Monday - Friday, 8am - 5 pm) 4. Uploading contacts to the cloud
I only lasted 5 days. I got this phone as soon as it came out on the July 25. I was SO excited... Then I returned it on July 30. It was heavy, Spotify (which I use a lot) froze the phone quite often, and the battery life was terrible. I REALLY wanted to like this phone. The carousel was *almost good, but you can't pin what you want there, so I almost always ended up just scrolling through all my apps to open the apps I used the most. Depending on the positioning of my hand, sometimes when I tried to unlock it, the screen would flash on for a second, and then immediately turn off. I guess you cover some of the cameras, it thinks it's still in your pocket, which is a cool idea, but if the screen flash happened too many times in a row, for some reason the lock screen would change by it's self AND the setting would change to the "rotate everyday" option. Firefly worked really well on songs and video... but not anything else. The only thing I really miss from this phone is the dedicated camera button. I also take a lot of pictures, and I absolutely couldn't stand the fact that the only camera options I had were turning the flash on and off and and HDR mode which was awful. There were no white balance, exposure, or ISO controls at all. You couldn't even set different modes like nighttime, portrait, or macro. The photos were always either blown out due to exposure, or yellow due to AWB. I guess you have to expect issues on the first iteration of a phone from ANY company. I bet a lot of the issues I was having will be addressed with a software update, but I didn't want to risk waiting and AT&T only has a 14 day return policy. I exchanged for the HTC One M8 and I'm VERY satisfied with that phone.
This Phone Has Grown On Me :-) I am an Amazon Prime member and a prior owner of the Kindle Fire HD and HDX (both 7"). As far as smartphones are concerned, I was a BlackBerry user until the iPhone 4S came out and I switched to the Apple universe. I later got an iPhone 5. I sold that and briefly experimented with the Galaxy S4. I could not adapt to the android platform, so I sold that and went with an iPhone 5C. On the Friday after release, I decided to take the plunge and try the new Amazon Fire Phone. I took it back the next day. I wanted to love this phone. The design physically was very appealing. It felt very comfortable to hold, although it was a tad heavier than I expected. Nevertheless, the gorilla glass on front and back certainly gave it a premium feel. PROS 1. Premium feel compare to the cheaply made Samsung Galaxy phones and I loved the 4.7" display compare to my iph 2. Year of Amazon Prime for free is a GREAT deal 3. Stereo speakers on both ends sounded GREAT. 4. May Day feature worked GREAT. 5. App selection was surprisingly GOOD in spite of all of the negative views to the contrary. 6. Best email set up I have seen on a smartphone. Loved the intergration. Prefer this email over iPhone, Galaxy S4, or iPad. 7. Phone calls were crisp and clear. 8. Dynamic perspective was neat, but not a reason to switch if you use another smartphone. CONS 1. Battery life was not good with heavy use. 2. Phone got VERY hot to the point it was uncomfortable to hold. 3. Fire fly wasn't dependable and now I have to seen back a case of toilet bowl cleaner that I didn't even know I ordered until I receive an email from Amazon saying it shipped, LOL. 4. Trouble getting text messages from iOS users, but this was more of an Apple holding my phone number hostage situation than anything else. 5. I couldn't make folders to organize my apps. At the end of the day the thing I liked the most was the screen size. And since iPhone 6 will me at least as big, I decided that was the universe that I wanted to be in. ***UPDATE ON 14 AUG 14*** The inability to get text messages was the biggest reason that I took the phone back. So when I found out that the problem was with Apple holding my phone number hostage via my iTunes account, I decided to give Fire Phone another chance. I have been using my second Fire Phone for about a week now and I am really enjoying it. Still not sure if I will keep it or go with an iPhone 6 when it is released (I am heavily invested in the Apple ecosystem, as well), but regardless of which direction I go, this is a quality device that is worthy of your consideration in the ever competitive smartphone arean. I have downloaded the new update, but haven't seen much improvement on the mediocre battery life. However, now you can make folders to organize your apps, which I love because I have tons and tons of apps and it is awesome to be able to organize them efficiently. Double tapping the home button now allows you to view open apps and either switch from app to app seemlessly or close unwanted apps to save battery life. This is similar to iPhone on this function. For the record, if you look at the number of One Star Reviews, I hope that you will notice that most of these seem to have been written by Amazon haters who have never had a Fire Phone themselves and may have never even held one in person. So I would encourage you to make sure that you are being influenced by actual Fire Phone owners rather than haters who are simply trying to be Fan Boys and push their Android/Google/Apple agendas. FIRE PHONE ROCKS.
Decided to return it! UPDATE . I had an initial great reaction to the phone. Over the second day a few things became apparent. First, battery life is terrible. Totally atrocious. Maybe 5 hours and that's with light screen use ie no videos just browsing. Once you start accumulating apps the phone becomes unwieldy. There is no way to organize the apps at all. They just stay where they lay in download order. There is no way to group them or search. When using the music app, which there are 2 of for no explainable reason, each time you enter a submenu and then return to the main artist/album/song menu it puts you allllll the way back at the start. Majorly annoying. I will stand by the fact that the left and right tilt gestures are fantastic. The Dynamic Perspective is just Apple's Parallax. I think that might have been what was killing the battery but I have no way of knowing. I exchanged it today for the LG G3 which was cheaper. Holy crap at the G3 screen! Old Review I have spent the last 24 hours using my Fire Phone. I came over from iOS and have experience with Android a as well. Things I love: The tilt controls are awesome! The screen looks fantastic. The camera works extremely well. Easy access to all of my Amazon content. Call clarity surpasses my iPhone. Firefly is great. I used it in Target and found to my surprise I had been overpaying on amazon. Probably not what they expected! Tilt to X-Ray in the Kindle app is amazing. Some Next Steps The phone desperately needs lock screen music controls. When going through my music library and selecting an album or artist and then hopping back to the main library it puts you all the way back at the beginning. This needs to be fixed. The "3D" effect is meh but the controls that result from it are great as I started previously. The app store is growing. I had no problem finding all the apps I use on iOS though. A way to create folders and sorting options for apps on grid view. If it's there I can't find it. My home has two wireless routers that share the same network name. My iPhone seamlessly passed off to which ever one had the strongest signal. That doesn't seem to be the case here. OVERALL I think for the first phone the Fire is fantastic. I like new technology and this phone is fun to use and works exceedingly well. My hope is that Amazon will support the device and OS well and hit some of the "next steps" I listed above.
Love the Fire Phone!!! I'm done with Apple. I wanted a change. I'm loving this phone. The camera is great. So much storage. Easy to maneuver. Very user friendly. Fast. I found all my apps that I had on my iphone on the fire. People will complain about anything. Take all negative reviews with a grain of salt.
I love this phone I love this phone! It is now a known issue that using glass screen protectors would cause the phone to over heat while supposedly idle. When electronics get too hot bad things happen, such as components starting to malfunction followed swiftly by the device not working properly. Since I did not cover the sensors and I got a case built for the phone, it is no surprise I haven't had any issues with the phone being too hot or being slow. I have used many smart phones and this is so far my favorite phone, it's everything I need from a phone and more!
DO NOT BE TEMPTED TO BUY THIS PHONE. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Like many, I was very excited about this new piece of technology and the amazing new features it promised. Having been a loyal amazon customer for years, I decided to take the leap. I hit the rocky bottom hard with this expensive piece of crap. The first two weeks with the phone were great and then everything started to go horribly wrong. Amazon had to send me a brand new phone within the first month of ownership and the replacement, honestly, is barely better than the broken one. When I went to the AT&T store to activate the replacement phone, the first time we turned it on, it got stuck on the settings screen and would only allow me to exit to the emergency call screen. I then had to start the phone again and when I attempted to restore the phone, it rejected the wi-fi network I wanted to use. So I tried again. When everything was done, all of my apps were there, but none of my downloaded content was present, my photos were gone, my texts were erased, and my contacts were lost, despite the company's promise that these things would be present after a backup (which I did manually this morning). When I finally got the second phone home again, I went through the restore process again, only to find that the first one was not an error and, in fact, my texts, photos, and contacts are gone. This phone has literally reduced me to tears of frustration because I cannot foresee things getting better and I now have to manually input everything that I was promised would be there. I understand the desire to compete with Apple in this market, but Amazon has released this phone WELL before it was ready, giving us a free year of Amazon Prime instead of a phone that works. I have an incredibly long seventeen more months before I can ditch this piece of utter and complete s**t and go back to my iPhone, which may not be the best thing ever, but at least it worked reliably.
Great phone! I recently upgraded to the fire after my 4s finally gave out on me. I've been a prime user for a few years now, so was interested in giving the fire a chance. Pros: best 1 handed operation of any phone I've used. All of the phones features are available with one handed motions and gestures. This is a big pro for me. Firefly is a time saver for comparison shopping. Music, video, book, messaging, and calendar apps are all well integrated, pretty, and has all features I want. Built-in apps are all great. Cons: while most of the apps I used on ios are available here, there are a few notable gaps. There is a shortage of running/fitness apps for example (I imagine apps that don't make sense on the fire tablets are slower in coming to the Amazon store). Also, apps don't update as quickly as the Google play versions. In addition, notifications from third party apps are inconsistent. Last, I miss a full featured voice assistant. For many people this may not be so big deal at all Overall, I'm very happy with the phone and would recommend buying it. Particularly if you tend to rely on built in apps, are a prime user, and like 1 handed operation. The OS is the strong suit I think my complaints will all be fixed in future updates.
If you use a kindle fire get a fire phone! I think a lot of the negative reviews are coming from people that never had a kindle fire before. So if you're not familiar with the amazon app store and the kindle fire maybe it's best to steer clear of the fire phone. If you are familiar, it's an amazing phone. I use all of amazon's streaming services so having all my music, tv, movies and books in my pocket at all times is worth the money alone. The phone itself is great, I've only used iphones before so I don't know how much I can compare. In my opinion though the speakers and display are just as good if not better than an iphone. Some of the gimmicks the phone has are less than impressive, although full warning I'm also a nintendo fanboy so I'm used to my electronics having useless gimmicks. There's not much application for dynamic perspective and firefly is inconsistent. When firefly works though it's amazing, for example I went through my fridge and firefly instantly identified all of the condiments in my fridge. I took firefly to a craft store and it failed to identify almost everything in the store even though everything I tried was sold by amazon. It does better with music and it's pretty consistent about pulling phone numbers off of business cards or takeout menus. So there are issues but they're just software issues. The flick/tilt takes a bit of getting used to but it seems to work fine. Also a lot of people are mentioning battery life as an issue. My battery seems to last an average of 3-4 days if I'm just using it as a phone, and about 8 hours if I'm streaming or playing games. Both of those are rough estimates but neither is even close to as bad as some people are claiming and the phone has never gotten hot.
Needs improvement - updated review Original Review: 4 stars First, let's start with the positives. If you will use Amazon Prime for a year (worth $99), if you will use free unlimited cloud storage for phone photos (easily worth about $9/month), if you'll take advantage of MayDay (hard to estimate the value but maybe $50), and if you're an AT&T customer or OK with becoming one then the Amazon Fire Phone is an incredible deal! It's a VERY GOOD VALUE. It works out to be better than free if you factor in all those bonuses. But you can only factor those in if they work for you. They work for me, so I feel like the phone was dirt cheap. The actual phone is a sturdy piece of equipment. I particularly like the dedicated camera button. The camera button is great for people who like to take pix with their phone because it makes it super quick. And the cloud storage for photos is great because now I never have to worry about losing those pictures. I also like the screen display and the sound quality is good. The phone is attractive and pleasant to hold as well. I don't care too much about the 3D perspective thing and just think it's kind of cute. But I loaded a couple games that use it and my son just loves it, giggles nonstop when playing. MayDay service: No other phone offers you immediate help from a REAL PERSON 24/7. I switched to an Amazon Fire Phone from an iPhone and one big reason why was because with a Fire phone I can get immediate help wherever I am (so long as the phone is working) but with an iPhone I had to make an appointment and visit a store in person. How much better is MayDay than going to the Apple store? SOOOOO MUCH BETTER. I have used MayDay twice so far and both times was very helpful. Real people answer and they are nice and helpful. This phone has some serious negatives. But those were the same negatives every other smartphone had when it was first released: not enough apps, buggy software, etc. So I expect that to change. I expect future updates to improve the bugs and I expect more apps to be created for this phone. In particular, I'm hoping they soon change the bluetooth firmware: supposedly the phone has bluetooth 4.0 LE but the firmware doesn't support it yet - a future update should fix that. I do hope they'd manage some sort of agreement with Google to allow android apps more easily (you can use some on the Fire phone but you have to install them on a PC and transfer them to your Fire phone). This is currently the biggest downside: not enough apps. Many very popular apps are not currently available on the Fire phone, but again I expect that to change quickly. --- Updated Review: 2 stars Again I will start with the positives... The thing still works. I can make and receive phone calls, texts, and I can take pictures and read email and facebook. Negatives... Not enough apps. No Starbucks app, no app for either of my gyms, no app for MapMyRun, no app for Hulu, and many others. To make matters worse, some companies have explicitly said they do not intend to make an app for the Fire Phone OS because they don't feel it's worth it. I turned off many of the so-called "features" of this phone because they were just so annoying. That 'tilt to scroll' thing is impossible to use. Forget it if you multitask and read various things at the same time. And the autocorrect? Don't get me started. It didn't even have the word autocorrect in its dictionary! The dictionary is puny. Buggy and constant updates. Things keep changing and it's driving me crazy. They just update way too often IMO. Buggy stuff like the web browser is inconsistent. Sometimes I will save a page you looked at and other times it will bring back up an old page you had up before that one. It doesn't consistently open a new window from email and facebook links (sometimes it does and sometimes it doesnt). And sometimes the camera freezes or stalls. One thing about this phone: if the battery runs so low it shuts off, then after you charge and reboot the phone, the first 5-10 minutes the phone will simply not work properly. It's super slow to warm up. OK, so here's one thing that just annoys me: the MayDay staff are very friendly and try to be helpful but it's clear that they don't actually have Fire Phones to play with and learn from. They can't test any of their ideas out themselves or give any advice from personal experience. All they do is look up help manuals and they only ever do that after telling you to reboot (typical for tech help but I expected more). I feel like I gave this phone a fair shot. Now I'm just so frustrated with it that I'm getting an iPhone instead.
Pleasantly surprised! Many reviews here initially turned me away from the fire, but after reading about the updates via firmware addressing battery issues I can honestly say I'm really happy with the phone. The biggest complaint I hear is about the number of apps, but honestly Amazon is developing their app ecosystem, just as Apple's app store wasn't great at first, in time it will develop. If you're leaning on the fence, check one out in person, the quality and feel are solid. So far very happy!
The Fire Phone is Really HOT (and I Don't Mean in a Good Way) I REALLY want to like the Fire Phone, but I can't. In my opinion, Amazon really struck out with their initial foray into the smartphone market. For what its worth, I am fully baked into the Amazon ecosystem. I own a Kindle Fire HDX, Kindle Paperwhite and a Fire TV. I subscribe to Amazon Prime, use Amazon's Cloud Drive to save photos and subscribe to Amazon Music where I imported my digital music collection for cloud based storage. And now I am the owner of a new Fire Phone. So this review is from someone who has intertwined himself with Amazon's services and technology. While each Amazon device (Kindle Fire, Kindle Paperwhite, and Fire TV) has its unique quirks and technical limitations compared to their competitors, I have been very please with all of my hardware purchases from Amazon - UNTIL NOW! Granted, I have not used my new Fire Phone long, but it didn't take long to realize it is not ready to be my everyday companion. There seems to still be bugs in the system and the Fire Phone's user interface, built on Fire OS 3.5, is clunky at best, a piecemealed afterthought at worst. And regarding the hardware, why is no one talking about how warm the back of the phone gets after just a few minutes of general use. Regardless if I am playing around with the Firefly feature, listening to music, or using an app, the Fire phone gets physically hot to the point that it is VERY concerning. Is anyone else noticing their Fire Phone getting hot under normal use? And the craziest part was the unreliability of the Firefly feature to correctly identify products. See my attached customer pictures to get a quick glimpse of what my Fire Phone couldn't recognize like a Fire TV box and a Kindle HDX Origami Cover package. HOW IN THE WORLD DOES FIREFLY NOT RECOGNIZE A FIRE TV PACKAGE? While I believe the future may be bright for the Fire Phone, I am not sure if being an early adopter and locking into a long-term wireless contract with AT&T is worth the incremental benefits and short-lived cool factor of owning it. The phone overheating during normal use is also a big concern, especially since the battery is not removable. I love my other Amazon devices, but the Fire Phone not only leaves me with a sense of wanting, it leaves me with a sense of regret. ------- DETAILED REVIEW BELOW ------- *** HARDWARE *** The Fire Phone is powered by a 2.2 GHz Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 CPU and Adreno 330 GPU with 2GB of RAM. That's nothing to laugh at, but also nothing to write home about either. It has a 4.7" 315 ppi display which is large enough to use comfortably without feeling like you're holding a phablet. The Fire Phone has a really nice 13 MP rear-facing camera with image stabilization that's capable of recording 1080p high resolution videos too. And the front-facing 2.1 MP camera is more than adequate for Skype calling or taking the occasional, shameless selfie. While none of the hardware specifications and performance blow me out of the water, they also don't seem to command the price point set for the Fire Phone or make some new customers willing to switch cell phones on performance alone. For what it's worth, my last phone was a Samsung Galaxy S4 running Android 4.4.2, Kit Kat. I'm not going to belabor the technical specifications and differences of the Fire Phone compared to its competitive set like the Apple iPhone 5S, Samsung Galaxy S5, and HTC One. However, I will focus on the differentiating aspects of the Fire Phone touted by Amazon as game changing features that set the Fire Phone apart and justify its high price tag. Those are Dynamic Perspective, Gestures, Firefly, and Mayday. *** DYNAMIC PERSPECTIVE *** Dynamic Perspective is the Fire Phone's parlor trick to get people saying "ooh" and "ahh" while Amazon adds another toy to their lineup to pull customers further into their ecosystem. At the time of writing this review, I am realizing that there are only a handful of apps and games that take full advantage of the Dynamic Perspective feature. Essentially, the coolest thing I can do with Dynamic Perspective is watch the home screen, play with the icons and status bar, use the map application, and play a few games where the feature wasn't a complete afterthought. Amazon may provide great incentives for developers to create new games or recode current games to take advantage of Dynamic Perspective, but that has yet to be seen. Personally, I would love to play Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, Subway Surfer, Temple Run, etc with Dynamic Perspective. But until the development community makes a collective effort to join Amazon in making Dynamic Perspective the next big thing in gaming, the likelihood of this technology quickly catching on in mainstream is slim. Also, to save you battery and for when you get bored with the 3D effects, there is a setting in the phone that allows a user to turn off the Dynamic Perspective. I keep mine turned on for now, but can understand why someone would want to keep it turned off to conserve the battery or to keep the quirky "peek" feature from flashing hidden items on and off. *** GESTURES *** Along with Dynamic Perspective head tracking, the Fire Phone offers one-handed usability features through wrist flicks and tilting gestures. However, I am finding the learning curve to be steep and many inconsistencies with making gestures work. Many times, I would have to over exaggerate when flicking my wrist or tilting the phone to get the desired response on the screen. But other times when I was using my natural motion, the phone processed it as a gesture and presented actions on the screen! Nothing critical, but just a buggy annoyance. It is highly likely that this will be fixed/fine tuned with the next software release. *** FIREFLY *** To test the Firefly feature, I lined up 15 products for the Fire Phone to recognize and take me to the Amazon product detail page. Of the ten items I tried to scan, Firefly only recognized 3 of them correctly. I kept getting an error message saying the server was unavailable or the product couldn't be recognized. The Fire Phone couldn't even recognize the box that my Fire TV came in (see the picture I uploaded with this review) Built on A9's Flow application, Amazon really missed the boat in getting Firefly absolutely perfect. The small ticket, grocery items that Firefly did recognized didn't seem conducive to impulse buying like the bigger ticket consumer electronic products that it didn't correctly recognize. And I am more inclined to want to comparison shop with Firefly at a big box electronics store versus the grocery store. *** MAYDAY *** One thing that I miss while using the Fire Phone is having an electronic assistant in my pocket. Like iOS's Siri or Android's Google Now, Amazon is missing that **accurate** personal assistant that answers your questions, reminds you about appointments, and keeps you productive by predicting what you need before you need it (ala Google Now). Amazon's voice assistant is rudimentary in my opinion as it can mainly do basic tasks like make phone calls, send text messages, send emails, and search the web. The Mayday feature is nice for the initial setup and first few days while learning how to use your new phone, but I can't see a huge need for it after the initial learning curve. Granted, the few times I have used the Mayday button on the Fire Phone or my Kindle Fire HDX, the customer service rep was fast to respond, polite, and gave excellent service. However, I have had my Fire HDX for months and have only used it three times. Now if Amazon could fix AT&T specific issues through the Mayday feature, this feature may be worth it's weight in gold. *** WHAT'S MISSING *** - An Full Function Digital Assistant like Siri, Google Now, S Voice, etc. - Google Play Market (although some apps and games may be side loaded if you want) - Removable Battery (I have a feeling the 1st generation of Fire Phones will have battery issues due to how warm the phone gets during continuous use) - Bluetooth 4.0 (useful in connecting to latest generation wearables) - External Storage / microSD Card Slot - Multi-Mic Noise Cancellation (trust me, this is important for all cell phones) - Infrared & DLNA Connectivity (nice to have but not critical) *** THE BOTTOM LINE *** In my opinion, the customer who would get the most value out of the Fire Phone is someone who: - Does not already own a Kindle Fire tablet - Is not already an Amazon Prime subscriber (1 year free is a nice purchase bonus) - At a point in their wireless contract that they want to upgrade their phone (don't break your contract for this phone) - Doesn't mind being tied to AT&T for wireless coverage - Not technically savvy and would benefit from the Mayday feature long-term - Owns or plans to buy a Fire TV so that the Fire Phone can act as a second screen - Takes a ton of photos with your cellphone and would benefit from free cloud storage - Likes shiny, new toys regardless of the practical functionality I accept that being an early adopter for consumer electronics also means I play the role of a public beta tester to prove concept, demand, and functionality. As such, I don't want to explicitly discourage anyone from trying the Fire Phone as it can only get better with updates and future releases. But I can't recommend the Fire Phone as it is right now. Unfortunately, there are too many competitor products that are a better value for the price and features. And I am seriously concerned with how warm the phone gets and the unreliability of Firefly to recognize products. Overall, the Fire Phone gets 2 out of 5 stars from me.
Fire Phone Is a Smart phone Nightmare.......Money Sucking pit This is not a smart phone, sort to speak, it is an extortion, I use my phone for 4 basic functions; phone calls, texting, email and media (music, photos, and videos) that is it I can care less about the 1000's of apps that does nothing for me. So here it is a nice sleek design with great dynamic perspective and that is about it. You can take some great pictures but once you move them to a computer and remove them from the phone to get space back you can not put them back on (no drag and drop functions). You must use the cloud service. When I got the phone I also purchased a protective case with it and the case interfered with the voice piece so people did not understand what I was saying. Amazon said remove the case, WHAT now I have an expensive sleek piece of crap that is unprotected and it was a "Amazon Case" for the phone.. I was told that an update would fix the problem, and to put the case back on when the update was completed, did that now the phone is slower then a snail and the touch functions are non existent. But there are bigger problems. I installed the Amazon Music application to my computer and got all 11480 of the music imported with no issues, created a playlist and wanted to just simply sync the playlist music to the fire phone. Well that cannot be done, you basically have two options 1, upload 250 songs at a time to the Amazon cloud, (about 2 hours) then download the songs to the phone (about 3 hours) then delete the files from the cloud and start the process over again. or 2. pay Amazon 24.99 for 250,000 songs a year and run into larger upload and download times, even if you have the space on your computer and phone to store the files. WTF you can not drag and drop simple music files to a phone that is directly connected to a computer? This is programing 101. When I contacted Amazon via chat to see if there was something I was doing wrong (which I know I was not) I basically was told that I have no choice but to use the cloud service. I even offered several times to fix the issues for them. Now Amazon did refund me the 24.99+ tax (and I will advise all of you that do purchase this phone to do the same fight them tooth and nail because this is crazy, stupid and just plan insulting). Over the course of several hours I was transferred a great deal of customer service people who did not even know how to spell fire phone before I got to the refund. The chat text is below. Once I was done with the chat Amazon had someone call me which was yet another 2 hours. You can see in the text that I was really trying to help. But I have come to the understanding that Amazon has NO intentions of adding this simple drag and drop function. They only what to nickel and dime you. If you want to put your files on the cloud and have no issues with it then great, however if you are a computer person like me who knows that no one really knows what the cloud is and does and you not want to share your information, or store your data somewhere in the world then DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. That is all I got to say other then I am going to return it and get a different phone, because AT&T rates are much better then Verizon's. The text message below has been edited only because I have changed my phone number from the messages other then that it is what happened. It is unbelievable....It is almost comical... Here it is. Text Messages: You are now connected to Jitender from Amazon.com Me: Hello I have created a play list in Amazon Music on my computer, and would like to sync that play list to my Fire phone how do I do that ?6:26:13 AM Jitender: Hello, my name is Jitender. I'll certainly try to help regarding your concern.6:26:15 AM Me: My Fire Phone connected to my computer and have Amazon Music Running my computer6:27:33 AM Jitender: A member from our retail team needs to help you in this matter. Please allow me a minute while I can transfer your chat to that department. 6:28:14 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Rajaa from Amazon.com Rajaa: Hello Rick.6:29:12 AM Rajaa: My name is Rajaa. I'm with Kindle Support. I'll be happy to help you! 6:29:16 AM Me: Hello6:29:17 AM Me: Can you see my questions?6:29:31 AM Rajaa: A Retail Specialist is the best person to help you with this. Please wait while I transfer this conversation.6:30:47 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Amazon from Amazon.com Me: Hello, I have created a play list in Amazon Music on my computer, and would like to sync that play list to my Fire phone how do I do that?6:31:44 AM Me: My Fire Phone connected to my computer and have Amazon Music Running my computer6:32:05 AM Amazon: Hi Rick, My name is Lebo I will look into that for you6:33:22 AM Me: thank you6:33:38 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Sravya from Amazon.com Me: Hello, I have created a play list in Amazon Music on my computer, and would like to sync that play list to my Fire phone how do I do that?6:35:59 AM Me: My Fire Phone connected to my computer and have Amazon Music Running my computer6:35:59 AM Sravya: Hello6:36:13 AM Me: hello6:37:15 AM Sravya: Can you hold on for a minute or two while I look in to this for you?6:37:26 AM Sravya:. From the Home screen, tap Music. 6:39:44 AM Me: Home screen on the Fire Phone?6:40:28 AM Sravya: Yes6:40:32 AM Me: ok6:40:37 AM Me: done6:40:46 AM Sravya: Have you created playlist on Cloud player for web or cloud player for PC application?6:41:14 AM Me: I have created a play list on my computer in the Amazon Music Application6:41:54 AM Sravya: Okay6:42:00 AM Sravya: Please click the below link and login and let me know if you can see the playlist there:6:42:40 AM Sravya: http://www.amazon.com/musiclibrary 6:42:40 AM Me: No I can not6:43:20 AM Sravya: Okay Rick 6:44:08 AM Sravya: Please be on hold6:44:13 AM Me: I should be able to sync my music to my phone without using the cloud. Every other smart phone has that option.6:44:48 AM Sravya: I understand Rick 6:46:03 AM Sravya: Is your computer connected to Internet?6:46:03 AM Me: yes6:46:10 AM Sravya: Have you created the playlists from the cloud library as Playlists you've created or updated within your Computer library are not automatically saved to other devices.6:48:22 AM Sravya: To share playlists across devices, you need to create them from your Cloud library in Amazon Music for PC and Mac6:49:17 AM Me: something tells me that I am not going to be happy with your answer. I created a play list in the amazon music application on my computer6:49:17 AM Sravya: Yes Rick 6:49:55 AM Sravya: You've to click the "Cloud" icon and create playlist6:49:55 AM Sravya: and only then it will be shared6:50:05 AM Me: That sucks I have over 4500 songs, now I have to pay an extra 24.99 on top of all the money spent on my music. This is crazy I am continuously getting more frustrated with this phone. This is extortion. 6:51:22 AM Sravya: I'm very sorry for the inconvenience caused6:53:32 AM Me: I believe that syncing music from a computer to a device (the Fire Phone should be a no brainer) I am not happy with the options on this phone it is just paying more money for something I already paid for. This is simple MP3 and iPhone music syncing.6:53:45 AM Me: Is there a developer kit for the Fire Phone I can download to fix this I am a computer programmer and highly experienced computer coding expert?6:55:14 AM Sravy; can you please be on hold while I transfer to Fire phone team 6:56:16 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Rajaa from Amazon.com Me: I am not happy....I believe that syncing music from a computer to a device (the Fire Phone should be a no brainer) I am not happy with the options on this phone it is just paying more money for something I already paid for. This is simple MP3 and iPhone music syncing.6:56:58 AM Me: Is there a developer kit for the Fire Phone I can download to fix this I am a computer programmer and highly experienced computer coding expert?6:56:58 AM Rajaa: Hello Rick.6:57:00 AM Rajaa: A Retail Specialist is the best person to help you with this. Please wait while I transfer this conversation.6:57:16 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Yuvarani from Amazon.com Yuvarani: Hi, Rick.6:57:44 AM Yuvarani: This is Yuvarani from Amazon. I'll be happy to help you. 6:57:46 AM Me: Hello, I believe that syncing music from a computer to a device (the Fire Phone should be a no brainer) I am not happy with the options on this phone it is just paying more money for something I already paid for. This is simple MP3 and iPhone music syncing.6:57:49 AM Me: Is there a developer kit for the Fire Phone I can download to fix this I am a computer programmer and highly experienced computer coding expert?6:57:49 AM Yuvarani: Let me check that for you.7:00:00 AM Yuvarani: I'm sorry to keep you waiting. It'll just be a moment longer.7:04:19 AM Yuvarani: Let me connect you to a member of our MP3 team. It will only take a moment.7:05:00 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Manveer from Amazon.com Manveer : Hello, my name is Manveer. I'll be happy to help you. 7:05:17 AM Manveer : I need to transfer your concern over to our Customer Service specialists trained in this area.7:06:26 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Muthuraman from Amazon.com Muthuraman: Hello, my name is Muthuraman from the Amazon Kindle Support. I'll be happy to assist you.7:07:31 AM Muthuraman: A Retail Specialist is the best person to help you with this. Please wait while I transfer this chat.7:10:01 AM A Customer Service Associate will be with you in a moment. You are now connected to Abinash from Amazon.com Abinash: Hello, My name is Abinash.I'll be happy to help you.7:10:39 AM Me:I am giving this phone a very bad rating, I also believe that I am still in the time frame to return this phone and get a refund because this is crazy. I am getting a transcript of this text conversation and will share it with everyone that is looking to purchase the fire phone because this is extortion. I am a computer expert I specialize in DR and Business Continuity the cloud is not mature enough to give me confidence that my paid for music Is safe. I am sure it is more secure if I pay Amazon more money for music I already paid for. But why would I pay more When I have the space to store it on my computer. The syncing of music is a no brainer and it seems to me that Amazon is nickel and diming their loyal customer. But the cloud is something that most people do not clearly understand the risks. And this BS of forcing your customers to upload their music , pictures, and other information is a very one sided and as_ hole extrotion 7:11:03 AM Abinash: Please allow me a moment so that I can check it for you.7:12:43 AM Abinash: I really apologize for all the troubles and hassle that you have faced.7:13:37 AM Me: Stop Patronizing me and Just answer my question, it is below if you seem confused and just want to transfer me again to another customer service person who is not able to address my issues. Hello, I believe that syncing music from a computer to a device (the Fire Phone should be a no brainer) I am not happy with the options on this phone it is just paying more money for something I already paid for. This is simple MP3 and iPhone music syncing.7:16:22 AM Me: Is there a developer kit for the Fire Phone I can download to fix this I am a computer programmer and highly experienced computer coding expert?7:16:22 AM Abinash: I am still here and working on it please allow me some more minutes so that I can check it for you.7:17:18 AM Abinash: Thank you for waiting,Rick 7:21:23 AM Abinash: Please check this link:7:21:29 AM Abinash: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer...(See full link) 7:21:30 AM Abinash: I don't mean to rush you, however the chat has been idle for a few minutes, and I'm wondering if we're still connected.7:25:04 AM Me: I have already done this, and it does not allow for a simple playlist to be transferred to the fire phone. This is easy code which as been in place for years that amazon just refuses to add to the software7:25:37 AM Abinash: Okay, Let me check it for you.7:27:41 AM Abinash: Thank you for waiting,Rick 7:29:56 AM Abinash: Rick, Please provide me your phone number I will connect your call with our phone support team, They will transfer your call with specialist team of Fire phone. And they will surely resolve your issue.7:31:07 AM Me: Call me an on iPhone it is more reliable 500-999-7777. 7:32:30 AM Me: I am done with this phone It is slow and basic functions have been removed to allow amazon to extort their loyal customers it is an insult and slap in the face 7:32:35 AM Abinash: Yes sure.7:32:38 AM Abinash: Thank you for phone number.7:32:39 AM Me: your welcome. This Chat Message will be posted7:33:09 AM Abinash: When your phone rings, please answer it.7:33:10 AM Abinash: You may hear ringing while we connect you to Customer Service.7:33:10 AM Abinash: Connecting your call7:33:10 AM Abinash: Rick, I understand the frustration that you are going through because of this issue.7:33:31 AM Abinash: I understand your situation. Had I been in your place, I'd reacted in the same manner.7:33:35 AM Me:on the phone7:33:35 AM Abinash:I truly understand how you feel about the issue that you had and we didn't mean for this to happen on your end as we value your loyalty for a being a customer of Amazon.7:33:56 AM Abinash: Is there any thing else that I may help you with?7:36:42 AM Abinash: Since we've been idle for 5 minutes, I'll need to disconnect this chat. If you still need help, please contact us again.7:38:57 AM Abinash: Thanks for visiting Amazon.com. Take care!! Goodbye!! Have a Wonderful time!!7:38:57 AM Abinash: It was a pleasure assisting a valued customer like you.7:38:57 AM Abinash: Bye and take care. And that is all folks, Porky Pig Style phone is what it should be called.
Really Tested my patience I have always been so greatful to amazon for the pricing and the convenience they have offered me in the last few years. Been prime member ever since it existed. After thousands of dollars in purchases in the last so many years this is the first time (I think) I bought a product actually manufactured by amazon and it saddens me that I had to return it.. Pros: -One year of free prime membership. Cons: Too many useless gimmicks -dynamic perspective is just a useless gimmick and I don't even think if amazon ever tested this for optimal power consumption. Battery -battery died within 6 hours.. no gps, no blutooth, no wifi, barely spoke to somebody for less than a minute and that was it.. Battery at 2%. - May be this should be a one of the pros. The phone gets so hot for no reason.. I live in wisconsin there is only so much heat we can take, like everyone else around here I complain when it's over 75 degrees outside. Apps - some of the very popular apps on google play aren't available. Maps and Nav - amazon has their own maps going on..this could be just me.. I don't have a good feeling about this.. We have learned from experiences with apple.. You just can't trust anyone else other than google with the maps. Camera - camera is average and takes pictures while in your pocket. I could never figure out how to disable this feature/annoyance. Build - phone is built well but I think this is still too heavy. - SIM card tray is annoying. You need a tool to get your SIM card out.. Really..! - irreplaceable battery. Blutooth Asks permission to connect every time it tries to pair with the Audi MMI.. This could be audi.. But I never had this issue with any of my other phones.. Overall - overpriced for what it's worth
A nice phone for normal people Solid 4 stars. Based on what I read online before I got the phone, it's clearly not for everyone, but for me it's been great: From an everyday use perspective, I've been really happy: * Good battery life (lasts at least a full day while syncing 5 e-mail accounts, facebook, twitter, WhatsApp, surfing the web, playing games every once in a while, etc) * Nice screen, big enough to be readable but not so big that the phone doesn't fit comfortably in my pocket. Readable in sunlight. The auto brightness seems to get confused sometimes in dark rooms but overall works OK * Comfortable to hold in one hand, usable with one hand. Swipe gestures definitely help with that. The rubber edge feels comfortable in the palm of your hand. I don't have a case for the phone. * Reception is very good, call quality is great. The phone is reasonably comfortable to hold up to your face to make actual phone calls with. * The OS is responsive, and despite being newish is pretty stable and functional. * I haven't used Firefly a lot but every time I've tried to use it, it has worked for me. * This is my first carrier locked phone in around 10 years and I thought that would really bug me but in fact AT&T has shown remarkable restraint and there's only one visible bit of AT&T software preloaded on the phone. No telling what will happen when I try to use the phone abroad, but it's got a nano-SIM anyway which is inconvenient for swapping out so I'll probably just take an old Nokia with my when I travel. My only gripes so far: * It gets surprisingly warm during use. Not uncomfortably hot, but warm enough that I wonder how the heck the battery will last the day. So far it always has. * The Firefly button works even when the phone is locked. That's pitched as a feature, but what it means to me is that frequently when I take it out of my pocket, it's already active and trying desperately to identify something. This probably has a negative impact on battery life, and could lead to butt-dialing. It would be nice if this could be switched off. * The app store is ... almost adequate. There are definitely some things missing, though I can get 90% of what I want by sideloading. There are very few apps that just won't run when sideloaded, and those apps have alternatives. Sideloading is inconvenient but as of now I've got everything I need. This is the biggest area of improvement as far as I'm concerned. I would recommend this phone to many people, but not everyone. If you're the sort of person who wants to hack your phone and use custom firmwares, you'll hate this phone. If you're the sort of person who wants to sample each one of the 1 million apps in the Play store, you won't like this phone. If you want a phone that's not comically big, is comfortable and friendly to use, and works when you want it to, this is a nice phone. It's a perfect phone for normal people who aren't necessarily gadget freaks but want a modern, useful smartphone. If you're a Symbian refugee looking for an entry into the Android world that's not obnoxious, you can do worse than this one (but you'll miss your OLED screen).
I love Amazon products 7/25/14 I love Amazon products. I buy every one as soon as it comes out. That being said, my Fire phone is going back to the store. It's a beautiful phone just doesn't do what I need it to. I've had it less than 24hrs and so far heres my issues: 1) no emojis. What the heck. 2) my phone is hot to the touch and I'm not even running anything like gps. 3) it's not compatible with most of the apps I use daily. Beneficial bank, discover card, craftsy, retail me not, cartwheels by target to name a few 4) the battery life is terrible. I unpluged it like an hr ago and its on 61% I have to figure out if there is a way to close apps when I'm done using them. I think I'll give Amazon a year or two to fix this phone and get with the program and then get it again. :( this is the first time I've ever been unsatisfied with them. Update 7/28/14: Ok it's now been a few days and it seems like the battery thing is no longer an issue. The phone is still warm to the touch to me. And I'm finding more and more apps that I use on a daily basis don't work on this phone. Latest one. Runtastic. And since this is one I pay for, it really bothers me not to have access to it. Also Progressive (auto insurance), Dunkin donuts, JW Library, Septa are not compatible with this phone. There should be some way to group these apps in to categories or something. Because they are all just sitting there in the order you downloaded them and that's not going to work if you use a lot like I do. Also WHY IS THERE NO OTTER BOX CASE FOR THIS PHONE?!?! I only do otterbox cause I dropped my phone off a moving train once (I'm a locomotive engineer) and the phone didn't break. That's how I test them. Lol. I need this phone to have some kind of "do not disturb" feature. On my I phone I could hit this feature and only the people in my favorites could get through but every thing else was silenced except the alarms so up could put this on at night and not be bothered with any one. I need this phone to have something like that.
At $450 ($350 w/ prime) this is an excellent value **Changed 6 Oct 2014 There's nothing I can really add outside the other poor reviews. I really wanted to like this phone and bought it on release day without a contract. Lesson learned, don't buy on release day and even worse, Amazon dropped the price $200 since I bought it. Great. **4 days after writing this review, Amazon refunded the $200 price difference, very happy. Before considering the rest of my review, when priced at $450 I do feel that this phone has a lot more value...it drops it from competition with the iPhone and other high end smart phones. At this price range, it is what I would expect and I modified my stars from 2 to 4 due to the better value. Pros: -Dynamic Perspective is fun, though feels gimmicky -Phone controls are decent, I like the bottom swipe for back and have found it intuitive. -Screen looks good and the size is perfect for one handed use. -Camera is great -Amazon photo cloud is a nice addition -Year of prime (though I'd be willing to pay $99 for another year if I could return this phone!) -As I said above, the phone being $450 ($350 if you consider prime) this is a good value...now, not @ $650 Cons: -Gets very hot, even when I'm not using it. -Battery life is abhorrent...I average maybe 12 hrs before it has to be plugged in. -No google app store...I thought I could live without it and that surely a lot of apps will be ported over to the amazon store.... 2 months in and the answer is NOPE! -Phone routinely freezes and needs to be restarted at least once a day. -Doesn't play any video if it's been on too long...i.e., more than 18 hrs or so. -The auto screen brightness is a joke...the darker the environment gets, the brighter the screen gets. I have to manually adjust it when using it in a dark area. Long of the short...I regret this purchase and I would return the phone if I could, but I can't...so I'm stuck with it until I save up enough to buy a new one. I may just succumb and get a new phone on contract, which is irritating since I outright bought this phone because I didn't want to be on a contract. **I am happy with the purchase now, but I'm leaving the original content of my review. Live and learn I guess...and pay more attention to pre-release reviews...which I ignored when buying this thinking that surely Amazon wouldn't sell a flawed product at such a premium price, and I have been using the original Kindles for years (I've had nearly every generation since release back on 0' something something.) **Again, at $450/$350 this is a much better price/value. **My original review says to not buy this phone, but with the price drop and getting the $200 back, I do feel that this is worth the money....the phone is exactly what I would expect from this range...now why they didn't price this way to start...who knows....probably would have gotten better reviews.
Gave up the iPhone and now I'm on Fire, baby! Had been watching the Fire and waited for the iPhone 6 release. Given the pricing of the new iPhones, I opted for the Fire Phone for myself and my son. I have not been disappointed after having the iPhone 3 and iPhone 4s. I've had the phone for a week now, and as I learn to use the phone I am more impressed every day. After reading the previous reviews and being an iPhone user for so long, I knew I would have to be patient learning how to use a new operating system. What hit home for me was the ease of use for my 11 year old, the Fire being his first smartphone. The first few days I found myself asking him, "How did you do that?" I was a bit nervous about the battery life and overheating. Battery drain was high and phone seem to run hot for the first few days, but that has completely subsided after I figured out how to close apps after using them. I use the phone for personal use and work purposes and several email accounts set up through the phone. I live off my calendar for both work and home and have had no issues with calendaring. My favorite features: 1. While in email, flicking the phone to the left and having attachments from your inbox show up. This saves me from having to search for the email then clicking on the attachment. 2. Each email account has a different color code, so I can quickly determine if an email is work or personal. 3. Twisting of the wrist to get to a well laid out summary/settings page. This page gets quick access to airplane mode, wi-fi, bluetooth, flashlight, settings, mayday, search and screen brightness while at the same time giving you a quick status of your most recent notifications from phone calls, e-mail, messages, and apps. 4. Flicking the phone to the right and getting quick access to the App store, photos and more. 5. The Apps that I use most frequently look better, have added features and easier navigation than the iPhone version. I was completely surprised that would happen. After using an iPhone for so long, I had to be patient to figure out the nuances in the apps. I can see where iPhone users may think the app doesn't work as well because it works DIFFERENTLY. With that said, the only issue I have had with the phone is that my Facebook app was glitchy. Called Mayday (super easy and helpful) and they suggested I delete the app and reinstall. Worked like a charm and haven't had any issues since. 6. I like the feel of the phone. The curve on the bottom edge of the phone makes it easy to grip and it doesn't feel like it is going to slip out of my hands like I felt with the iPhone. I'm very happy with my Fire phone and glad Amazon took the giant leap into the market!
Perfect phone for those who are Amazon-centric I have had my phone a little over a week. It's a replacement to a Windows Phone (Nokia Lumia 900). I really liked the Windows phone a lot - I will just start by saying that. Had an iPhone for about a day and a half - hated it. Had several early-version Androids, and like them all. So, it was an easy transition to go back to an Android based phone with the Fire OS overlay. I do miss live tiles on the Windows phone, but that's about it. I read through a lot of reviews, and it's funny, because I am not having any of the problems that seem to be prevalent. My phone does not get excessively hot, and battery life is great (have not charged the phone in two days, and it is still over 70%.). I am NOT a heavy phone talker, though. Mostly check e-mails, and use it for web-based stuff. The Silk browser seems just fine to me. I used to have a Fire HD tablet, so maybe I am just used to it. Were I to compare it to a true Android with a faster processor I am sure it page loads would be slower, but honestly, do I really care if a page takes 3 seconds to load instead of 1.5? Nope. Streaming videos has been perfect - no lag time whatsoever, and the image quality is phenomenal. The one thing I will suggest to people is REALLY get to know the phone. Get into the menus and customize it to your way of liking. There are SO MANY changes you can make to the basic configuration. My only disappointment, and it's a silly one, is the lack of any decent ringtones. Very few come on the phone, and they all sound like bad elevator music. I was up for a new contract with AT&T and my prime had just expired, so this purchase was a no-brainer for me. I am a very heavy Amazon user, and it's a piece of cake to place and monitor orders with this phone. Love having seamless access to all of my Amazon content as well - books, magazines, videos, etc. You can debate specs and OS strength ad infinitum, but if the phone does what you need it to do? To me it's perfect. I honestly can't imagine how anyone who is NOT a big Amazon user would benefit from this phone, but if you are? There really is not a reason I have found so far that would make me suggest you look any further. (Unless you hate AT&T, I guess). I have been with them for over 10 years and have no problems with the service. Update 8-20-14 I finally had the experience where my phone got really hot (and yes, REALLY hot), and the battery drained by 25% in about 10 minutes. The lock screen failed to go into sleep mode, thus I am guessing that Dynamic Perspective caused the fast drain. Not sure WHY it happened, but I have made sure to put the phone into sleep mode whenever I set it down now, and it has not happened again. Hope this helps some!!
Great, especially for the Kindle Fire user. I have had two Kindle Fires, the original and now the HD. My smart phones have always been Android based (past 3 were Samsung) and I love my Kindle Fire, so it made sense to me to make my phone the Fire Phone to have my tablet and phone on the same interface. "But it's limited." Well, so is my husbands iOS phone, but he loves Apple products and uses it because it's what he likes. Since I use a Kindle Fire and like the interface, the Fire Phone works well for me. It's all about personal preferences. Pros: Functionality is like my Kindle Fire, makes it easy to go between devices. -Amazon product and customer service backed. -Apps I use are easy to download after I registered my phone since I already had them on my Amazon account. -Free year of Prime, we use it for shipping and Instant Video all the time. -Camera - I am shaky when taking pics half the time, this takes much clearer pictures, quick to open with a click of the button on the side of the phone and snap, you're done. -Carousel is great to have on my phone, quick and easy to find an app, pic, etc. -Sound quality is great! I am horrible at hearing my phone go off and don't miss this, even across the house. Movies and music have been easy to listen to, also. -I like having a sealed battery, less of a chance of me knocking it out like I've done on previous phones. -I can display the battery % just like other phones, very helpful. Cons: Limited Android, so some apps are not available from the developers on Amazon.com. Instead I have to go to their mobile website, if it's available. Or just wait and do what I need to while on my PC at home. -Carousel also lists my phone. Very annoying when I just want to click on the phone icon to make calls and don't want a list of calls made sitting on my carousel. If I want to see it, I will click on the icon. I initially would remove it from the carousel each time, but have given up now. -Dynamic perspective was fun at first, but the novelty has worn off, so I turned it off. -Volume control: I wish when I swiped down it showed my volume control and I wish it showed a volume icon next to the time like most phones. I hate second guessing if I actually turned it silent at work. I have to click the volume buttons to check, or select silent or ring. Instead, swiping from the top and being to control it there would be easier. -Ring tones are limited, it's fine for calls. -Alarm Clock uses only the ring tones available on the phone - which scared the crap out of my husband that first morning, so I was instructed to find an alternative as he did not want to wake up to "noise." Instead, I got a free app that uses songs in my pibrary, much better. Battery: Initially in the first couple of days I was plugging it in every night with less than 15% battery life left. Of course I was using it like crazy, getting everything set just right, playing around with features, etc, etc just like any other phone I have had. Now I have had it a few weeks, I plug it in every 2-3 days. My typical use is phone calls a couple times a day, web browser when in town, web browsing at home, some app play. -All in all, battery life is about the same as my previous Android phones. Firefly: I used this a couple times for fun, playing around. Neat feature, worked well, not super fast as it sound like it happens in a split second, but not slow either. I know it will be used down the road here and there. Auto Scroll: This is a neat feature, but I have it off right now. More of a personal choice. I just need to turn it on and get used to using it. AT&T: We've been with them for almost 10 years and have had zero issues, great deals and great help. Thus it's a non issue for me. I can see how being a non AT&T user would create issues though. Overall I am very happy with the phone. The pros definitely out way the cons for me and being Amazon's first phone, I expect improvement to keep coming.
AMAZON, PLEASE DO NOT GIVE UP!!! As a Fire Phone owner and user I know that, overall, Amazon has produced a GREAT phone. I see two major flaws which produced its original demise. They are marketing and technology! That may sound huge, but actually, as I see it, quite simple, and easily resolved. In the marketing department it is not only simple but obvious. DON'T BE SO PROPRIETARY! You are a HUGE company with unlimited diversification possibilities. Your Business Model is structured around partnerships with untold numbers of people and businesses offering an infinite amount of goods and services to the world! Yet you stubbornly refuse to allow anything but amazon apps to function with your phone without "cheating"!! Can you fathom how unpopular and unuseful your Kindle or Fire Stick would be if all you could access with them would be Amazon products? So goes the Fire Phone. In reading many, many of your thousands of reviews, it is apparent that you have some technology issues that need attention. Heat and battery life are major issues that beg to be addressed. My personal experience also tells me that you need to produce your phones to have GSM, CDMA and LTE compatibility, even if it is a customer choice at the purchase level. Now, you have a world phone. Currently, I deal with two services, ATT and Sprint. The Fire Phone works with ATT, which is GSM but not with Sprint which is CDMA. To add insult to injury, now, if I want a new Fire Phone, I am forced to visit Ebay!! The Fire Phone need not be relegated to the "Trash Heap of Memory Lane" along with the BETAMAX. A truly sad ending to a GREAT product.
Ex iPhone and Galaxy user. So Happy I purchased this phone! I Love this phone! My first smart phone was the iPhone then I upgraded to Android. Now I have the fire phone and I love it. If you are a Kindle fire owner and love it, then this phone will be a logical purchase for you. I have to admit the first day or two I was wondering if I made the right decision getting this phone. Reminded me of the transition from iPhone to Android, as in that situation, the more I use the more I love it. This is one of the most beautiful phones I have ever owned outside and in. It has a rich beautiful display and the Dynamic Perspective helps to show that off. The phone runs fast and smooth and I love the elegance of the fire's layout. Even though this is a Android based device, it does take a little getting used to if your not a Kindle owner. But as with any new phone your going to have a bit of a learning curve. The only minor draw back I see is the some what limited selection of apps, but that will be corrected over time. I have had no problems finding my favorite, most used apps. Overall this is a Great phone and I am very happy I decided to purchase it. You get a lot of phone for your money, from the camera, Quad core processor, 2gb of ram, Firefly, Prime membership and the minimum of 32GB of storage space make this is one fantastic buy. Oh and Please ignore the 1 Star Greenpeace spam reviews. This is a Great device.
Has potential but needs some tweeks. I waited for a few days to compose a review so I could get some use before I passed any judgment. I like the phone overall but it has some issues. The first, and most significant to me, is the battery life. I've yet to see a smart phone that lasts as long as I would like so I didn't expect the battery to last all day. I was disappointed because I was doing some surfing for what I thought was a short time and used about half of the battery. The music app isn't integrated very well with the Prime Music app. If I download some Prime Music it won't be listed with my other music. I've also tried a few times to download music and had multiple failures. I had to try multiple times to download one album. The phone is missing the ability to organize apps by category but does allow one to move them around. Also, on the app issue, there are many apps that I would like to see that aren't here but I have a Kindle so that wasn't a surprise. Most of the problems I have with this phone may be able to be fixed by updates. Still, it's not all bad. I am a Prime fan and now I have access to all of it on my phone and since I have been a Kindle fan for a while it's slick that things sync to my phone, Kindle, and Fire TV. The firefly ability is useful to identify many things. The camera works much better than my iPhone 4's did. I like that I have a phone with stereo speakers that have some volume ability beyond my iPhone 4. I'm still glad I got the phone and I'm certain they'll work out these bugs. I would have given 4 stars but the battery life issue really bugs me. Addendum: I also hope they add some integration between the phone and the computer Amazon Music app. I would like to be able to add/remove music and sync with my laptop.
Long-time Amazon Fan -- but Disappointed I am a long-time Amazon fan, and own most of their previous hardware (Kindle (most versions), Fire HDX, Fire TV). With that thought, I decided to try the first iteration of the Fire phone. I returned the phone today. Here's why: 1. Very short battery life. I had a 100% charge at 6 am this morning. By 9 am, it was below 90% -- and I hadn't even used it! 2. Reception isn't as good as with other smart phones. The signal strength is lower for Fire than for previous phones -- in the same areas. 3. I cannot link the contacts on the Fire phone with my Ford Sync -- so no hands-free dialing from the car's built-in system. (I decided to not trade in the car to find one that would work with this phone.) 4. I can send text messages to the wife and she receives them, but I don't receive hers. After conferring with MayDay and doing what they requested, we still couldn't get it to work. 5. Sound quality on the speakerphone option is very poor. I can barely hear the person on the other end of the line, even with the volume at maximum. I may come back for a Fire in another iteration or so, but would not recommend this phone.
Outside Dynamic Perspective it's Just an Average Smartphone So I've been carrying the Fire for a week now and have decided to give a review based on my initial feelings on the device. I may update as time goes on. The review will be broken into two parts. The first part will be for the standard user who just wants to open the box and use it. The second will be directed at the more tech savvy buyers. I won't go over all the specs, other reviewers and Amazon themselves have done a thorough job of that already. I will say for the price it doesn't stack favorably against other high end devices in its price category. Processor and RAM don't always equate to speed but in android based phones it generally does. Out of the box impressions. It feels nice in the hand and the screen is a good size. A little worried about the back glass, I've seen many a back cracked on the iPhone 4 series. Feels a little heavier than other phones its size but I like a little heft in my phone so good for me. The dynamic perspective is pretty cool. I'm not sure how much I will notice it over time but for the moment I'm continually impressed over how smoothly it works and transitions. There are few apps that take advantage of it but the few that do are fun. My daughter loves Monkey Buddy. She's constantly trying to steal my phone. It's also useful on certain apps like the map for getting a good birds eye view of where you're going. The one year free of Amazon Prime is super cool but it's almost necessary to use the phone to its maximum potential. So keep in mind after the first year you'll be paying 100 a year to fully utilize the phone. I had it anyway so just a 100 bonus for me. You are limited to the Amazon App Store for apps. There are ways around this but if you're a basic user you'll be missing quite a few apps from the Play Store. I'm also not a big fan of the silk browser. They should include chrome for those of us who switch phones and want to seamlessly bring over our bookmarks. The carousel that shows your most recently used apps is not as handy as I'd thought it would be. I've went to move to an app and after flipping for twenty seconds realized it would have been quicker to pull up all apps and find it. I wish the carousel was just programmable to your favorite apps. I do like the left or right flick to pull up menus. I haven't pulled them up by accident too much. Once again I do wish they were programmable. There is also no way to shut off apps. This is a bit unforgivable for a newer smartphone. Battery life also sucks. I feel turning off the apps would help but not there. I charge it at least once during the day. Call clarity and volume have been excellent. Speakers for music and tv are only average. No native or Amazon app ringtone or text tone support. There are ways around this but I'll hit that later. Swiping up instead of a dedicated back button is neither good or bad, just different. Firefly is cool. I've used it twice already to scan and call a number. Haven't used the music ID but I'm sure i will. Can't get Mayday to work. Massively disappointed and no way to troubleshoot or fix it that I've seen. I just wanted to see if there was a way to turn off apps and see it in action. I've tried it at least once a day every day on and off WiFi. Sucks. Voice control is just average. Not up to Siri. For the more technologically capable. You can side load apps not in the Amazon App Store and the Fire allows the loading of third party apps. There is just a setting to turn on. An app called ES File Explorer will allow you to get the apk files from third party websites and move apps between folders on the phone. I was able to download zedge and get ringtones and text tones. It's worked perfectly on mine although a coworker has had mixed results. There have been several apps that I haven't been able to get the working version. The file explorer has allowed me to load and stream movies to my Roku no problems. I'm using Allcast Pro to stream. It costs but I used the free coins you get with the phone to get it for free. I hate the lack of an SD card slot. There are memory sticks with the microusb adapters that will work fine fairly cheap but I hate having to carry another piece of tech on me for something as basic as memory. It's just an okay phone. A hundred dollars cheaper and it would be a decent buy but it is a little pricey. Hoping some other things will be fixed on future software updates. It's just an okay smartphone. Outside the dynamic display there is nothing new or exciting. Even the Prime integration is not really an improvement over the android versions of the app. Update. There is a software update that allows users to pin apps to the carousel. Working on getting it. Still no pin for the right side flick but the fact this was added so quickly gives me hope. Still a three star though.
former iPhone user, satisfied with the Fire phone I like my Fire Phone. I agree with some of the reviews here about some of the operational problems in the apps and the lack of availability of certain apps; however, I guess I am one of those folks that's willing to wait a little bit for software updates and growth of the app store to fix some of the problems. The phone itself is well-made, and I, personally, really like the swipe features. You have to get used to them for sure, but they are great and really convenient after that. I have had iPhones for FOREVER. I also have a large collection of Apple products (an iMac, Macbook Air, iPad). When my last iPhone went to phone heaven, I went to the ATT store looking to get another. To be honest, the shear price difference was what started me looking at the Fire Phone. I love Amazon and Prime. I have had nothing but good experiences with them. For me, what's most important in a phone is storage space, the camera, and the screen. The Fire phone delivers in all of these areas for much cheaper than an iPhone. If I want to use Apple features, I'll just use one of my other Apple products. I did that before anyway. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone looking to get more phone and more perks for your money. I believe that the other problems with apps and such will be fixed as updates are released.
Fantastic Device, if you do your research! I love my Fire Phone. Many of the problems people have with the Fire Phone can be easily solved with a basic knowledge of smartphones. I have every non-Google app that I need on here, even ones that aren't in the app store. If you go to your security settings and click "Allow Install From Unknown Sources" and search for the Apk file of the app you're looking for, you can download that and the app will run on your phone just like an Android phone would run it. It's only a couple extra steps and takes literally 5 minutes a app. If the Apk isn't out there, you can get it yourself. (Search "How To Extract Apk File From Android App). Second, people complain of not having a back button. The Fire Phone is based on gestures, and the back "button" is simply swiping up from the bottom of the screen. Thirdly, people complain of the Dynamic Perspective interface. This can be disabled in settings, though it is one of the more unique features of the Fire Phone. Lastly, some people dislike the fact that the status bar is non present for most of the screens. In "Settings," there is an option that enables persistent status bar, so it will never hide. Also, swiping down from the top of the screen will show the notification tray so you can see the time and access quick settings. This phone is so much better than I ever Houghton it would be and it is my favorite phone. I have come over from the Samsung Galaxy series, have the S3 and S4, and using the S5 and Note 4 on a regular basis. This phone has my heart, and if you understand smartphones and love Amazon.com, this will be your favorite phone too.
To all the hypocritical and (apparently sockpuppet) environmentalists... I only write this five-star review to balance out some of the stupid one-star reviews that people have been posting in the past few days. You are discouraging people from buying this phone solely because Amazon uses electricity from fossil fuels to power their servers that make up their cloud, right? So, you must all be driving Nissan Leaves and charging them from your house that runs completely off solar and wind and hydro, right? Because we all have access to that kind of energy, correct? Oh wait, no we don't, and I'm willing to bet you are using non-renewable energy sources all the time without thinking about it. It would be great if all our energy was renewable and cheap, but there is no free lunch to be found, guys. If Google and Apple power their cloud servers using solar or tidal or wind farms (probably wind farms, considering where they are located), you can bet they pay more for that energy and pass the cost on to their customers in some form or another. That's what businesses do. So are you willing to pay much more for your energy? Are you willing to pay more for everything you buy? Are you willing to drive electric cars and never ever fly? Are you willing to pay more than the low asking price for this phone? If not, STFU and quit being a hypocrite.
Haters gonna hate UPDATE UPDATE 11/5/14 OK after a few months with this phone I can say what a piece of GARBAGE. Its not the phones fault the phone itself is a good phone its the Horse S that amazon has dumped onto it that makes it garbage. I hate that you can only get apps from Amazon(I understand its their phone)if they want to be in the phone market they need to be all in or not. I have multiple apps that claim there is an update available and to download the update. But when you go to the amazon store there is no update so those apps are useless. Amazon takes their sweet time updating apps, also convert every app why should I be limited to what you feel is Amazon worthy. That Fire camera app---WHAT USELESS JUNK unless you are scanning a barcode or url it has no feature except to be annoying. It is the most sensitive button I have ever seen you graze it and wham Fire app. So thats nice when its been on in your pocket for 20 mins and now your battery is dead. Dont try and watch youtube videos or show someone an article because the phone is a clingy 2 year old baby. As you pass the phone to show someone something it stays on your eyes and then scrolls to the bottom of the page. This also happens when watching youtube and your turn the phone sideways. Yea thats fun as you scream at the phone becaus eyou just want to watch a youtube video but the phone says screw you I want to show you the bottom of the page past 50000000 comments. Have fun scrolling tot he top again. Its CRAP do yourself a favor if you are under 85 years of age buy a different phone the features get old real fast. The fire os is great for tablets lets leave it at that I have had many phones being an IT professional, mostly iPhones and a few Windows phones. I also have had a few tablets from ipads to windows Android and Kindles. The phone is not that bad, I feel that some of these 1 Star reviews came out after Amazon lowered the price to .99. The Fire Phones contacts do backup unlike what I read on another review, you have the option to save a new contact to an email account or to Amazon. That being said there are some minor annoyances i have found The Power button...Its in the wrong spot it should be in the middle on the top of the phone not to the left of it. No human finger can bend that way when holding a phone in one hand swap the speaker and the power button. The Camera button...I like that I can press the button and go right to the camera with the phone locked. I dont like that if I graze the button I go to the camera its nice seeing 4000 pictures of the inside of my pocket. Need to make it so holding down the button when locked activates the camera and pressing it does nothing. Sensitivity... I feel like a Jedi Knight using my phone my finger is not even close to the screen and it opens an app. Apps...either let me install the google play store or get a team to convert every app to Amazon app store. Like I said minor stuff other than that so far a month in and I really like the phone. I am not an apple fan boy I would have said with the Iphone 3s they make a good product but now they lost me. Fire phone is a good competitor lots of nice features easy to use and the best part you dont need some stupid software on your PC to sync it. I would give 5 stars if they could fix the 2 buttons.
Very disappointed. First, let me disclose my bias. I LOVE Amazon and almost all of its products and services. I am a Prime Member; I get my books on Audible and Kindle, etc. Perhaps it was my appreciation for most things Amazon that caused my great disappointment with the Fire phone. I returned it today - having had it less than a week. The 3D and Firefly bells and whistles are gimmicky. The apps I use most were not available on Amazon's app store. The phone gets blazing hot to the touch (oh, maybe that is where "Fire" comes from). To turn off the ringer, you have to go through a minimum of 4 steps (swipes). The audio (not using headphones) is tinny and reminiscent of phones from the 1990s. It is a beautiful looking phone, but for this price, I want something that is both beautiful and functional, such as an iPhone. Happy to try it again in the second or third generation.
The best FREE phone ever. Great for power business use. I've been locked in the "Applesphere" for a decade. I travel 100% for business and I'm a "power phone user." My phone is essential to my professional life. Also, I live in a rural area and use Prime very heavily. I "wanted" to like this phone. I read the many negative reviews, so I made the trip to a nearby ATT store to see the phone first hand. I read on these very Amazon reviews that the phone was not intuitive, so I immediately looked for and found a pre-installed app which effectively teaches you the phone's features using a "monkey-see, monkey-do" curriculum. Following the very effective 3 minute tutorial, I had no questions about any of the phone's features. Now that I've had some time to use all of those features, I find them incredibly intuitive and useful. I've owned every generation of iPhone, so there was a short but shallow learning curve. I now find the features are indeed helpful and represent a significant value added proposition which, for now, make the phone superior to iPhone 5 in usability. Dynamic perspective is interesting, but not terribly useful unless gaming on the phone. The phone's battery life was significantly increased by following the FAQs found in the support section. I have five email accounts on board, and having them all set to "push" was hard on the battery. I also set the screen to Auto Brightness, and set the screen timeout to 15 seconds of non-use. As on the iPhone, I am also diligent about closing apps when I'm done with them. With these few changes, my battery lasts a full workday with usage as required. I've experienced no issues with excessive heat, even in an Amazon branded case. Corporate email on Exchange was effortless. So to was email on Gmail, iCloud, and on a private domain account. The camera is fantastic. Almost every major app is available, and suitable proxies for tier-b apps have been easy to find. ber doesn't yet have an app, but the store shows it "Coming Soon." Hurry up, ber. In all, the phone is different. It's a new, non-Apple-centric paradigm. I like it. It works very, very well--especially for hard core business use. If Amazon would launch a great Gmail-type product, I could be "all in" on Amazon. Give me a call, Jeff. I can get that done for you. And...I got this phone essentially for FREE. My Prime was extended for a year. I called ATT (611) and told them I'd buy the Fire Phone if they would waive all upgrade fees. They did. I dropped a subscription photo service, as all photos are streamed to Cloud Drive. There are also many other value added services which, in total, actually provide economic benefit GREATER than the purchase price of the phone. So, yes, it was really a free phone. Pros: Price Very, very fast browsing Size (not getting any younger) Camera Usability Swype Typing Cons: No ber app (Coming soon) No Delta app Lack of Tier B apps Requires a bit of diligence in battery management My kids miss iPhone emoticons
Love my Fire Phone I've now had my phone for a little over 10 weeks and I'm truly pleased with it. Pros: Geared towards Amazon products...I use Amazon for most everything so this works well for me. Integrated email - I have 6 accounts and the phone gives me the option to combine into one inbox instead of using multiple apps. Excellent Display Fantastic Camera Great sound Firefly Outstanding Map and Directions Silk Browser Cons: Still a lot of android apps unavailable...a lot. Speed Dial is not a feature with the phone (I.e. Press and hold down #2 to dial someone) No voicemail notifier...very, very easy to miss the fact you have voicemails I'm a fan and think Amazon has done a great job with this product!
Fire Phone on going! WOW! got my new phone yesterday. After all the bad reviews here is one that will help everyone out. Do not compare it to any other phone because it is New refreshing and totally what I was looking for. Easy activation as far as the setup and customizations when I get a phone the book goes away and I go at it. Customizations: Preinstalled applications 1.)Firefly is a great concept it works great with everything I have used it on so far. I am able to add business cards straight into my contacts as well as web pages you can not go wrong here better then the old way of give me a minute to add you to my contacts just snap and there is all the info needed. you can also find names of songs in a flash maybe you heard it before and can not remember the title with this easy to use app point and it does the work for you same for TV shows and movies. Oh yeah there was a separate app you had to install before that was harder to use but no need for that with the Fire Phone 2.)The My notebook app is a great idea you don't need to add or install a note app because this is already there for you.You can keep notes ongoing and add them as favorite so you don't worry where it was or is they are right there. I can see only one improvement for this it would be great if it had check box so you could mark as completed. I have put Appointments a grocery list Movies to buy or watch. As well as a to do list and calls to make. I also can add a note for all current medications so they are with me always and up to date. There is no need for a separate app to do this all these are accessible at the touch of a finger. 3.) I use office suite pro to keep a working live Diabetes monitor to keep my numbers so it gets rid of the extra apps and very easily lost record books. I have it all right there for my doctors to review in a flash. I have tried other apps to keep track of this but they are not what I personally wanted so I created my own on my home pc and transferred it to a doc usable on my phone 4.) You can put everything where you want it in groups that you name excellent idea to let the user name the groups they want Thanks Great job! 5.) Lets talk about the wallet or loyalty card keeper app. WOW! I use to have a separate app download to do this that cost money to store more then 10 cards if I needed to add more cards well I had to buy more space. 6.)Games love the little buddy on the My Monkey buddy app/game just for goofing off with its cute as well as entertaining! 7.) As a prime user I am in love with the preinstalled apps Got rid of my Pandora app because Prime music is a much nicer way to listen to streaming music it has what I want to hear and when. No extra fees for no commercials. Seamlessly lets your calls come thru and it pauses your tunes for you till you are done with the call. 8.)Email control, calendars ,notes docs and more. So easy no extra apps needed. 9.) Lock screen can be customized the only improvement I could see here is more places that 3d screens could be found but this is no fault of the phones, just not many places have this so it makes this new phone ahead of the times! 10.)Sound quality great and the ear buds that came with the phone are comfortable easy to hang around your head with out worry of loosing them. Phone calls are clear as if the person is in the same room as you. So all the bad reports you have heard well they really did not want a new phone they wanted a copy of the phone they had then it is the wrong choice they made. I can not wait to see what the next model does very excited just like having a tablet with you in this case a kindle. If you want something fresh and a great buy the Fire Phone is all for you!If you want what you are use to don't buy it just to give it negative reviews. LOVE MY PHONE! please feel free to comment and like or not like my review!!
Amazon Fire Phone - 5 stars! Having a windows tablet, I purchased a windows phone. The phone was wonderful but the service just failed too often. After reviewing the Amazon Fire phone I decided to not go back to a Windows phone and I am pleased with this decision. I think the Amazon Fire phone is a hybrid, merging the cons of the windows phone with those of the android. The one missing link is Google. If you are a huge Google fan, and the chrome browser is a must have, then I would recommend either giving this a try or going with another android phone all together. I love Google, and I can say Amazon provides a wonderful selection of apps and has an excellent browser; I am very pleased with this phone - it is equally compatible to Google's Chrome and app selection. Having switched to a windows tablet (RT) I moved over to Outlook  which I think is a superior email provide. With the outlook client app on the Amazon Fire phone I can easily access my Microsoft office suite and outlook email. The service provider is AT&T and the reception is excellent! No missed calls, no missed text messages, and clear sound on all my phone calls. Visually, the Windows home screen was nicer, but I have to say the functionality of this Fire phone makes up for what it might be missing in the visual design of the home screen. But the overall design of the fire phone is nicer than the windows phone I had. It is sleek, feels solid in my hand but not heavy  its a beautiful phone. Amazon service is absolutely amazing. This phone was remarkably easy to activate!! I was amazed at the ease, the quickness and the thoroughness of Amazon. Before I received the phone everything was handled - even transferring my old phone number. The only reason I needed to reach out to AT&T was due to an error on my part in providing access information to my previous provider. But within moments my phone was switched to my old phone number. I havent tried the camera yet, so I cannot review this part yet. Firefly is awesome!! Held the phone up to the television and within moments it identified the movie we were watching!! I love the phone, the service is great: I rate it 5 stars.
Happy with my purchase I really love my Fire Phone. My only complaint is Google Play apps are not available unless you sideload them. The Fire Phone is not for everyone though. I have been heavily invested in Amazon's products since the Kindle Fire release. A day does not go by where I am not browsing Amazon- in fact, Prime is the only thing I use with my television. When the Fire Phone was released, I wanted to immediately go out and purchase it. I have been wanting to upgrade my phone for awhile now- I was using a basic free smartphone from straight talk. That said, I decided to hold off and wait for the 2nd gen Fire Phone, so all the kinks are worked out. When Amazon lowered the price to $.99, I jumped at the opportunity. Not only was the phone next to free, but an extra year of Prime added to my account too? Yes, please! Being able to consistently use the gestures took some getting use to. Now I have next to no problems and find the one-handed gestures quite useful. I see many people claim they are buggy and only work half the time. This has definitely not been my experience- I think people may just try to do them too quickly. Now, as mentioned, my previous phone was one of the most basic smartphones- the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim. I did not use many apps and it was primarily for calls and texting. The Fire Phone is an upgrade in every way. My point is, I could understand why someone that had a semi-current iPhone or Galaxy would not rate the Fire Phone very highly. The Fire Phone has some cool features but nothing that can really make up for the lack of Google Play, if you are an app junky. But if you're like me and rarely use apps, this won't impact you too much. In summary, I love my Fire Phone. It is not for everyone but I believe it is a step in the right direction and hope Amazon continues the product line.
Great value for a very good smartphone! This is a great value for a very good phone. $.99 gets you the phone, $10.00 in Amazon app coins, and a free year of Prime. My experiences with the phone, which I have had for about a week now, have been very positive. I am not a smartphone addict. I basically use my phone for calls, music, podcasts, and the camera. This phone excels at all of these. UI - Dynamic Perspective was cute, but I didn't find that it served much of a purpose, so I disabled it about halfway through my first day with the phone. Otherwise, the apps and tools I use were easy to find and easy to use. Battery - GREAT!! After disabling Dynamic Perspective, the phone sucks up just about 20% of the juice per 24 hours. In the week I have had it, so far I have only charged it one time (not counting the initial charge). Camera - Brilliant! Specifically the Camera button on the side is a stroke of genius. No longer do I have to unlock the phone to take a quick pic of the kids. And with unlimited photo storage on Cloud Drive, I don't have to worry about the phone filling up. There are settings to only allow photo syncing to Cloud Drive over WiFi so not to use up your data plan. Screen - Good enough for me. Crisp clear images. If there are flaws, my eyes can't perceive any. Music - Amazon Music Player built in. Easy to download some playlists for repetitive offline playing (for kids), plus access to much more music. Pandora available as well. Podcasts - DoggCatcher readily available to use on Amazon App Store. Used about $2 of the $10 credit on the app store to purchase. Works great. Apps - I know this has been a thorn in most reviewers side... not for me. Every app I've needed has been available or has had a counterpart that does the same job. The phone comes with Docs installed... allows you to view/edit Microsoft files (Word, Excel). It may not have Google apps available... but most Android phones don't have Amazon Instant Video... this one does. It even acts as a remote for my Fire TV. Overall, I am pretty impressed and very happy with the Fire Phone.
Great 5 Star Phone! Take The Poor Reviews With A Grain Of Salt! I love this phone! Take the poor reviews with a grain of salt... I have used the phone all day long with FB, emails, phone calls, Netflix, YouTube and IHeart Radio. The phone NEVER GOT HOT AND the BATTERY HAS LASTED ALL DAY AND NIGHT. The size and weight is perfect in the hand (who wants a phone that is as lite as a feather?), the phone is lite while also feeling very solid. Dynamic Perspective is fun! and is nice to use with maps. Firefly works very well ( 7 out of 10 were recognized) and when it did not recognize something it was my error of aiming the camera. The phone has plenty of useful apps for me (does anyone really have the time to use hundreds of apps?) If the Amazon app store does not have a app that you like, you can down load it from another source. Just go to YouTube and they will show you how. The front and back Gorilla glass can be protected with Skinomi or ArmorSuit MilitaryShield. I love this phone!
Confession of an ex-iphone user Dear Amazon, Keep working on this phone because it has the potential to be great. I firmly believe, once the kinks are worked out, this will be a gamechanger. As someone who has exclusively used iPhones for years, this phone naturally took a little bit of time to get used to. But not long. Anyone who has used an iPhone will find that the functionality of this phone is very, very similar in many respects. Once you play and poke around for a bit - which in my case was for about a couple of hours or so - you will find, as did I, that this phone is extremely easy to navigate and the way the system is set up is intuitive and even easy. Of course, getting things done on the phone differs in certain respects from other phones. I can only compare it to an iPhone and say thst certain features I enjoyed on the iPhone, like printing an email directly from my email app to an airprinter, isn't currently available on the fire phone. But that will change, I believe. As will also the availability of more apps that we have been accustomed to using on other phones (ex. Bank Apps). Just give it time. If there is a company out there that really listens to its customers and takes suggestions seriously, it's Amazon. Several times already I've contacted them through the feedback link on the phone and have had a rep respond promptly, answer my question and then forward my comments on to the response team. To anyone who is considering this phone, my suggestion is to tune out all the naysayers and go to your local store and try it out. That's what I did. I kept reading reviews on various websites and on this site, some positive and some extremely negative, and didn't know what to make of the phone. Was it as great as some people said or a complete dud like others were suggesting? The answer, I realized, wouldn't be found by browsing the web for reviews. I had to do my own review. So I went to the AT&T store, got it in my hands and played with it. Shortly thereafter, I bought it. That's how much I liked it. And every person I asked who worked in that store, including those in a second store I visited on another day, loved the phone. Why? Because as employees they had the chance to use the phone hands-on and see how great it is. Therefore, if you are interested in this phone, don't rely on some review written by someone else. Get to a store, try it out and make your own judgment. Spend the time poking around and navigating and ask questions. If you do that I promise you will see the potential of this phone. I did. So go ahead and give it a try. You might find you like the phone. Or even love it!
Best mobile device I own Best mobile device I own. Perfect for anyone invested in Amazon Prime, but it also has a truckload of features that all work together seamlessly. I am a retired QA guy.. I test devices and software. I have read all the negative hype about the phone. I already have 4 other kindle devices, plus ios and windows tablets. I bought the phone for 199 with a 1 year prime deal, so effectively it cost me 99 dollars. The more I used it , the less I used all my other devices. As I use all the primes services a lot ( music, movies , 2 day shipping) I liked how all these melded together well. The phone feels really well made, and everything gels .. more so than in prior kindle devices. It has a lot of unique features that just add to the experience. Dynamic Perspective is one. Now every screen feels alive. no more rows of little icon graphics. things tilt and move. Take Reading, You can now use all the known features, plus you can set it to autoscroll book pages based on your eye position and the tild of the device. It works well and just makes one feel you are using a very special device. Or one can use the flip option to see the left and right pages that are offscreen. Every app seems to have been rewritten to utilze all these features. It has 32gb of memory.. I never fill up the device.. and that alone would cost a few 100 more. It has Firefly a very cool function allowing one to scan anything and see price and where to get the item etc. Or on device Mayday support.. Free Prime music streaming is the best I have heard with the improved dolby audio, to a point where I can hear subtle sounds on this device ( like high hat sounds on the drummers brushes ) where I can not hear these on other devices. It has this way of loading everything really fast. You can zip in and out of different apps with a swipe. they load and run perfectly , no wait time .. In terms of getting google apps on there it couldnt be simpler. Go to settings., allow non amazon app installs. Go to any google store from the device and install maps gmail or whatever ..easy peasy. no rooting , warranty issues . The camera is 13mp on back. takes really detailed images plus you can take vine like 'lenticular' images or generate really wide panoramic images automatically . Very impressed with it. Not sure what else.. The OS is just perfect really. great notifications systems and options. Even has miracast built in ( a superior chromecast predecessor) which allows you to send your screen to an enabled device. I read novels on my large screen tv for example ;).. I am sure I have forgotten things, but 3 weeks in now,. I decided it had become the only device I use , it does everything I want in a superior way.. Not sure why it is getting such a bad press. but I highly recommend it for the prime user.
Good visual display, needs more apps I like the visual aspects of the Fire Phone better than my iPhone 5s, and I'm getting used to the functionality of the Fire slowly. However, the Fire Phone lacks some serious aspects including no emojis on the keyboard and the app store is slacking to say the least with no snapchat, discover card app, urbanspoon, or scorecenter downloadable for the phone at this time. I had to call mayday for two very basic things already which made me feel like I never knew how to work a phone before, how to take a screenshot and how to turn off the vibration when I am writing a text. It also is delayed about 5 seconds after I exit the messaging app, it tells me I still have an unread message even though I've already read it and replied. I will continue to see what this phone can do, but I really hope the app store can work on resolving the lack of some serious mainstream apps soon!
First Smart Phone This review is coming from a first time smartphone owner, so take from this what you will. Before upgrading to the Fire Phone I had only been used to using slide and basic touch screen phones. The thing about my previous phone annoyed me was its lack of immediate response when I used the touch screen. Right off the bat upon opening up my Fire Phone I noticed how precise and responsive the touch screen and motion cameras were. The apps are very nice, but at least for right now there is not a "huge" selection compared to the amounts I saw at looking on other smartphones, but thats to be expected for a new device and there is definitely more than enough to find one that meets your needs. The Dynamic Cameras: The built in motion cameras are just plain fun. They dynamic perspective is definitely an enjoyable feature that I hadn't witnessed in other smart phones currently out there. 13MP Camera: The photos I have taken are wonderful, crisp, and clear. Something that my previous 2MP camera phones were severely lacking. The Audio/Speakers: Probably the best digital audio I have heard from any mobile device. The Screen: The screen is crystal clear HD 1080p, and looks great especially when watching Netflix or Amazon Prime movies. The screen and phone are also fairly large, so watching any kind of tv show or movie is great. Firefly: Definitely the most fun feature about the Fire Phone. I spent hours after opening it up, just scanning anything and everything around my house to see if it recognized phone numbers, barcodes, even things like movie posters and books. It recognized pretty much everything I threw at it. Battery Life: It's not the best I've ever had but it's definitely not the worst. I leave my phone on all day, and play pandora in the car to and from my office. Use 4G to browse youtube, facebook, twitter, etc. After having it at 100% at 6am the battery would be at around 30-45% at around 10pm. Obviously if you are watching movies all day on it, the battery will drain much faster. Negative: The only negative thing about the Fire Phone for me, was ringtone customization. It was very confusing on how to go about downloading ringtones onto the phone. After browsing the app store I found the apps I needed to make ringtone customization work. But I feel like this should have been a basic feature that should not have needed additional app downloads to make work. Overall Opinion: I think this phone is a great new addition to the world of smartphones. It still has some growing up to do, but has great potential and innovation for future Fire Phone models. I give Fire Phone an 8/10, would Fire Phone again.
Like it more after initial meh. Battery life is bad. Soon after I got this phone I was like meh. But then I began to like it more and more. Leaving out the $99 prime bonus and lack of Google Play (more later) and focusing on the amazon phone itself, here are pros and cons I see: Pros: 1. Everything used in phone appears to be top quality. No cutting corners on LCD display, cameras, etc. 2. Dynamic Perspective is fun and they provide a new screen daily. Some cheesy and some amazing. 3. Nice included accessories. 4. Firefly works well for most consumer products. 5. Navigation is easy. Cons: 1. Gestures and navigation is a bit messy. I once had the flashlight be on and was getting all sorts of things openning without a way to turn it off. 2. Bad battery life. Mine is plugged into my computer often and I'm lucky I can do that. Or you have to make sure it is fully charged before starting the day. 3. The Silk browser is great but some websites can trap you. Biggest offender is Yahoo Answers website where it can keep removing the popup navigation buttons. 4. The camera focuses well and works all the time, except when you take screenshots of another phone's screen. It looks great until you take the pic and it blurs it right before the picture. It is also slower to take pictures than other phones i've used. 5. The navigation software has issues. For one think it seems like almost any touch you do cancels out navigation and you have to start it again, and it can happen silently, so you don't know it has stopped guiding you; something that you don't want while driving and being guided. Now, I'm going with assumption 2 can be improved by changing settings and future software and Amazon will improve 3 and 4 and 5 as well in new releases. The big deciding factor might be Google Play. I kind of like having better selection (even if subset of) software when I search for some. They've all been reviewed by Amazon and a lot of the junk you see in other stores aren't here. And big games I was looking for were all there so for me Amazon app store was better choice than Google play app store on this phone. All in all, good phone which I would only recommend if you can keep fully charged during work or over night.
Although I put only four stars, it's closer to five: like 4.62. Although I put only four stars, it's closer to five: like 4.62. I'm used to the Fire technology because of Kindle, so I find it much more user friendly than an iPhone or Samsung. I only have two complaints: the music and the max volume. I have an Amazon cloud with several albums in it, but my phone won't allow me to listen to anything unless I'm connected to WiFi even after I've downloaded the songs to my device. This might be user error. I'm probably missing some crucial step. As for the volume, it doesn't go high enough, especially on speaker phone, unless you use the headphones that came with it. My son has to use speaker phone when calling his grandmother, so this can be a bit inconvenient. Still, everything else is amazing. I can carry my library in my pocket. (The Kindle is a wonderful device, but not pocket-friendly.) Also, I always receive my calls and texts -- nothing is getting dropped like with my old, non-smart phone.
I am very happy with my Amazon Fire phone I've had the Fire phone for over 2 months now, so I've pretty much figured out and examined everything it has in its current form. Pros: - Incredible screen and resolution. Very beautiful to look at - Dynamic Perspective is actually something that grows on you and that I've come to love. The icons move with your gaze and it has much potential in the future. - Construction is excellent, feels very solid in my hand. Not too big or too small. - The Amazon eco-system has all the basics along with Kindle Reader and my best friend, Audible. - The Amazon app store has a "Free App of the Day" where an app that was previously charging is free to download for that day and is yours to keep. Cons: - I am not a fan of the carousel icon display on the "home page". Essentially you roll through your most recent opened apps, but I end up ignoring it 90% of the time and going through to find the specific app in my app sections. I see where Amazon was going with it though. You can see detailed information on the app without pressing any buttons. However, the layout appears cramped. - App support. If you have an app in your mind you really want, its 50/50 chance it will be in the Amazon store. Amazon does not share the same apps with the Google marketplace, so Im having to do without some old favorites. Hopefully Amazon ports more apps in.
My new Amazon Fire Phone is AWESOME Received the phone on 7/24 and drove to AT&T to have old phone deactivated and Fire Phone activated. Went smoothly and no problems. They could not transfer files and contacts yet, but advised me to stop back in a few days. The next visit at AT&T required an hour and multiple attempts by the Sales Asst/Tech guy but he got it done. The learning curve was steep and I bought three written articles/books to assist this retired HS teacher. The battery life has "sold me" if nothing else. I went from four to six hours on the old phone to over 40 hours with even more use on the Fire Cell. It is easy to read docs, news, emails, texts and watch videos. Of course, I wish the screen was larger and then I would not need my Kindle HDX nor my Nook. Unfortunately, this new Amazon Fire Phone will not run apps that run on my Kindle! For example the ($24.99 monthly) MLB.Com app (which runs on my Kindle but not my Nook) to watch baseball games; nor will the Amazon Fire Phone run our "Dish Anywhere" app designed for our home satellite TV that I watch on my Kindle and my Nook. Guess what, Amazon Fire Phone has the DirecTV app, which may be interpreted that Amazon's AFP engineers will get this corrected and have these two apps available, hopefully, in the near future. A few additional comments, the reception and clarity of phone calls are exceptional. The camera app takes great pictures, even at night of our beautiful California starry night skies. I do have one more thing. I have NOT found a safe, workable case to protect my Amazon Fire Phone investment. I received a (full-body hybrid case) from BrilloTech that I am returning today because it made my phone completely useless and the (case) even blacked out my screen during a phone call, I freaked out and could not get the blasted case off fast enough!. There was a complete lack of sensitivity to operate the four keys and the actual screen would not react for touch use or typing.
Don't believe the bad reviews, take it from a kindle fire and fire phone owner. I love this phone. All the people out there with negative reviews seem to not understand how to use it. It took a day or two to learn how to flip it and such to get all the functionality down and now it is awesome. I don't know if people are just not trying to like it or what. Dynamic perspective seems to be something they gripe about, but of course it isn't going to be for every app because it is still an android-based phone. Right now it is mainly just the maps that use it but that isn't Amazon's fault. When more app developers make apps with dynamic perspective it will be really cool. The camera is great, the fact that it syncs with my other devices is really convenient, it loads things fast and features like auto-scroll come in handy. The only thing I would like is a longer battery life, but it charges so fast that that really isn't an issue. Seriously, give this phone a chance, don't listen to all the haters out there who give it a bad review and tout praises for the iPhone and Samsung whatevers. It's Amazon's first shot at something that could develop into something big. If you love you kindle fire like I do, you will love this phone!
I love this phone I love this phone. If you are an amazon user, you will too. I have noticed that there are some apps I'd like and can't get from time to time, such as the Hershey Park app, when I was in Hershey Park. But, overall, this device is very easy to use, and more then covers all of my needs. The battery life is better then I ever expected too. I think I got a steal!
What a bunch of wackaloos This is just a heads up that the next gigantic bunch of reviews are from a bunch of looney tunes who do not own the phone. It's from a bunch of lemmings complaining about coal energy. Fun fact--they didn't send their reviews by smoke signal. They used electricity...wasted electricity that some poor African kid with a fly walking across his eyeball could have used to buy some Off spray from Amazon. But do these hypocrites think of the children? NO! They complain on Amazon about coal and reusable energy. Buy this phone, it's very durable. 9 times out of 10 it won't even scuff when thrown at a hippy...so you can keep reusing it to throw at more hippies.
This is an amazing phone for the price I probably did not bought it at the right time. But once you get Google up and running, we've got to do this phone justice. This is an amazing phone for the price. After installing Google Play as a alternative app store, I have like ZERO complain regarding this phone. At a proper price point, the hardware is outstanding especially the camera. Great quality, dropped it a few times during jogging, still works fine. BTW, in case you don't know how to install google service and change this into a regular android phone. Here's how. No root necessary. http://winterinseattle.blogspot.com/2015/02/change-amazon-fire-phone-into-almost.html
Thank you Amazon for my Fire Phone. You never disappoint! I went to the At&t store knowing exactly what i wanted. Luckily I did, because the AT&T customer service didn't know anything about the Fire phone; its features, selling points, or its positive attributes as a good working phone. In fact, they didn't have any in stock because as I was told, no one buys them. Because I am an Amazon customer i was drawn to the phone because Amazon has always done me right. I'm glad I listened to my sixth sense. I took what i needed to know from all the reviews, and knew exactly why I wanted this phone. I have not been disappointed. I absolutely love this phone. Its easy to learn (I have been a flip phone user since the dawn of cell phones), So easy to maneuver. The camera is great, no lag between pushing the button and clicking of the camera. Crisp clear pictures as soon as it focuses. Uploading to email or facebook is a snap. I can hear my calls now, and they can hear me. Texting is easy also. I can find everything I need on my home screen. This point is the coolest reason for this phone-all my books, music, games and information is already on the phone. Cause I have a Kindle, everything I have and own is at my finger tips. As far as the battery life, I have turned off some features which allows me to stretch my battery life twice as long. The fire phone allows you to turn off or modify most any setting. The Fire phone is truly set up how you want it. I feel safe and secure with all my information because I know Amazon isn't spreading it around. But I will say, the dynamic perspective is a battery hog and I had to choose between it and battery life. I chose battery life and everything dynamic perspective does, I just do manually. Like flip pages or going back to my last page. Now, my battery lasts a day and half before i plug it in again, depending on my use. You can't beat May Day, and Amazon Customer Service. They are always there, always friendly and always comforting. Now I'm an At&t customer. Yahoo!!! Cause I finally can enjoy 4G in my small town. My call never drops and I have service everywhere.Their customer service is just as bright and smiley as Amazon's. This phone is a win/win....love/love. And it was 99 cents. Thank you Amazon for having this vision.
Good phone, good price, dumb reviews. It seems all of the negative reviews center on renewable energy. How dumb are you people???
Recommend you give it a chance. It's a great device! I originally bought this phone after the $200 price drop. All I really knew at the time was that it had some cool features but wasn't selling very well. I figured that based on the hardware I'd be getting a high end device with all of the Amazon advantages for only about $350 (no contract) after I factored in the free year of Prime. A few weeks later, I've decided that I like it enough to write a review and maybe convince a few others to try this phone so you don't miss out. This really is a very unique phone. The Firefly service is not nearly as bad as people have stated. I didn't expect it to recognize any and every item I picked up, but it does recognize a lot - from the Extra gum on my desk and soda cans in the break room to all kinds of books, movies and games. I've also seen reviews calling dynamic perspective "gimmicky", but I think its just plain cool and so do a lot of the people I show it to. Even the lock screen graphics are great and if you do buy one, my favorite is the one with the astronaut that lands on the moon until he's chased back to his ship by huge green tentacles. There is no better device if you're going to shop Amazon, and I do all the time. Everything is seamless and integrated, including Fire TV. My phone connects when its on the same WiFi network and all the photos and videos are easily available to browse and watch on TV. There is even an app you can install that sends all your notifications through to the TV. Back to the subject of video, I've used it at work during events and even a going away party and it produced some great, high quality videos. I also have an HTC ONE M_8 and I admit that I love the phone overall, but the camera is pretty bad and doesn't hold a candle to the one on Fire phone. I tried depositing checks by taking pictures and every time it would come back unrecognizable or unreadable. I tried multiple times and with two separate banks! I kept getting the same error messages from both bank's apps so I decided to give the Fire a try. My deposit was was accepted on the first try. I really noticed when I used it for pictures on a couple of hikes. The 13.1 megapixel camera deserves an A+. The main shortfall is that there are fewer apps available and you don't have access to the Google Play store. This is probably the biggest drawback, but if you take some time to look you can find some great apps. And when Amazon puts out its free app bundle of the week (something close to that) they don't just give you .99 cent games. Several were really useful, well put together tools with price tags of $12-$15 dollars. Admittedly, there are some you will just have to do without for now. They don't have every bank, but you can easily bookmark it in your browser and access it that way. And they actually have quite a few of the ones I needed including Discover, Capital One and Chase. The one app you may miss the most is Starbucks, but 'eh ... really didn't take long to get over that either. I'm out of time but overall I really like the phone and in grows on you in a short time when you see all it can do. If you're really into Amazon already with Prime, Fire TV or if you use their instant video service, then you will love this phone. Its a bargain right now so if your looking for cool new phone try the Fire. I work for a Telecom (not in Sales) and see a lot of phones, but this one is a surprise stand out. I liked it enough that I activated it on its own line and it's getting a lot use, even more than my M_8.
Great Phone! I bought the fire phone after the software update and it has been great. No trouble with battery life and the cameral is awesome.
You Will Love It! I love my fire phone! Its easy to use, very durable, and a lot more affordable than the other phones! Very happy and would recommend it to others.
I was happy with this phone even at the old price I've been using the Fire Phone since its release, and I've been completely satisfied with it; it's everything I hoped it would be. (I was happy with it even at the full price. I'm even happier now that Amazon has refunded the $199.) Which is not to say that everybody will like it. Since this is my first smart phone, I can't compare it to others. Previously, I never saw the need for one. I had a ten-year old Nokia cell phone that I barely used; I kept it in the car most of the time, turned off, using only for an emergency. I do have a Kindle Fire HD 8.9 that I've been very happy with, but it's too big to lug around everywhere I go and there have been many times I wished I had it with me, especially after Amazon introduced Prime Music. When the Fire Phone was introduced I saw it as a handy, pocket-sized version of the Kindle Fire tablet. The price seemed a bit steep, but with the free year of Amazon Prime it thought it would be worth it. Unlike many others, I have no problem with AT&T. I've had internet access with them for years, first DSL and then U-verse, and I was happy with the performance of both and found customer service (the few times I needed it) to be excellent. Plus, they have full coverage here in coastal San Diego. The phone coverage is so good in my apartment that I'm considering getting rid of my land line. The phone has performed flawlessly since the day I turned it on. The update, which among other things allowed me to group apps, made it even better. Since I'm coming from the Kindle Fire rather than another, more established, smart phone, the lack of apps has not been an issue for me. I'm also not the app-happy sort who needs to have an app for everything I might ever possibly want to do. I prefer to keep the device relatively uncluttered. I've found almost every app I wanted on the Amazon App store, the only exceptions being Free42 (an app that simulates the HP 42S scientific calculator) and the app for Jazz 88.3, my local jazz station. Free42 could be loaded directly from its web page and I was able to download Jazz 88.3 from 1Mobile.com. At first, I did notice the phones tendency to get very warm, but either I've gotten used to it or, more likely, this has faded as the phone got broken in. Battery life did seem to be poor, but a couple of things helped improve it greatly: **Calibrate the battery meter - under heavy use I noticed that the battery very quickly went from a full charge down to 80% (about 40 minutes). But it took almost twice as long to go down to 60%, and even longer to go to 40%. I ran it down to under 10% and then fully recharged it. After this the battery appeared to discharge more slowly. While it's not a good idea to regularly let your battery get that low, doing it once with a new device lets the battery meter know how much charge it has to work with. This won't actually increase your battery life, but it will appear to as your meter will no longer say you have less charge remaining than you really do. ** Screen brightness- I mostly use the phone indoors in a well-lighted room, and with auto-brightness turned on the screen seemed a lot brighter than it needed to be. I turned off auto-brightness and set the screen brightness to where I wanted it (about 15-20 %). When I turned auto-brightness back on the screen got much brighter. I now leave auto-brightness off most of the time and only turn it on when I'm outside on a bright day. ** E-mail- If you have several e-mail accounts, check how much e-mail you typically receive on each. If you get 7 or fewer e-mails an hour, set that account to "Push." If you get more than that, set the account to refresh for the longest time you think you can wait to get your latest e-mail. (You can always force the e-mail app to instantly refresh by pulling the top e-mail halfway down the screen.) ** Battery-eating apps - Be on the lookout for apps that use a lot of battery power. Typically, these are apps that are always refreshing their information. I had the USA Today app on my phone for less than a day; it was eating the power something terrible. Other news apps may behave similarly. Get rid of them and use the browser to check for the latest news. Free games that show ads are also hogs as they keep downloading ads. Hint: when you want to play one of these games, turn on airplane mode while you do if the game can be used off-line. After applying these tricks, my battery usually can go over 24 hours before it gets down to 50%. Bear in mind I'm not talking on it all day and I don't have a Facebook or Twitter account and thus am not "following" a bunch of people constantly. Bottom line: if you're a happy Kindle Fire user who would like a smaller version you can bring everywhere and also serves as a phone, you'll be very happy with the Fire Phone (but check AT&T coverage in your area first!) If, on the other hand, you've been using a smart phone for years and have many apps you depend on, you should do your homework first to make sure the apps you want can be found on the Amazon App store or there is a web page that can perform the same functions for you (90% of the time there is). Of course, if you hate, loathe, and despise AT&T with a passion, this is definitely not the phone for you. Pass it by but for pities sake STOP POSTING ONE-STAR REVIEWS BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE AT&T! The point has been made (ad nauseum) and you're not adding anything to the discussion at this point. Get over yourself.
This is not the Android Phone your use too! After receiving the phone, I couldn't wait to open it. I was looking for something new to try and boy did I ever get that. First off, the box that it came in was simple in design and yet beautiful. An outer textured pattern sleeve with the fire logo on front, and an image of the phone and simple description of what was inside on back. The real box slid out from either the top or bottom of the sleeve. A basic black exterior with a vivid reddish orange inside. the first thing you'll see is the phone. And it's beautiful. Smooth glass on front and back, and not being use to all this smoothness had me grabbing this phone with extra caution at first. I plugged it in, gave it a full charge and was ready to go. It also came with ear buds which have a nice tangle free cord, and interestingly shaped ear pieces. The nice part about the ear buds is that you will never lose the rubber ear plugs because these ear buds don't have any. It's a "one size fits all" deal here. They have a smooth black plastic shape which make them easy to clean, when not in use they click together by magnetic ends which help in keeping them from getting all tangled up. They do fit my ear, and they sound great, but because of the smoothness of the plastic, they would tend to slip out of my ears at times. Turning on the phone you'll see the Fire logo, and a helpful intro to get you started with your new phone. So before you do turn on your phone make sure you set some time aside. There will be an update to download which was painless. And activating the phone was also painless. Graphics wise, I like the Carousel option, and it is customizable thru the act of pinning certain Apps to it. This is not the Android phone your use too. I'll admit I was confused by some of the gestures I needed to learn in order to navigate this new phones interface, and in some areas it aggravated me briefly, but once I got use to things I wondered why nobody ever thought of this style of navigation before, it's so natural, so easy. I also learned that none of my Google App purchases carried over to this Android phone. And Amazon does not have the selection of apps that Google or Apple have... yet. But AT&T gave me a free LG Tablet with the purchase of my phone, so my Google Apps were not that far away. Apps like Bank Of America, or the Firefox Browser are not available on Amazon, and I do have a list of other common apps that I use and are also not available on Amazon... YET! They are working it, I found this out by talking to the people of Amazon using the "Mayday" feature. Mayday intimidated me at first, because I'm not use to taking with somebody like this on my phone, seeing their face, live, in front of me was definitely going to be something new to me. But I did have some concerns about my phone as well as what I thought were legit questions, so I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, this has to be the most AWESOME feature ever put on a phone. The people of Amazon are some of the coolest people you will ever talk to. You can Mayday them with just about anything. And they are so patient with you, and fun to talk too. No question is too big, to small, to dumb, they treat you like family. A great feature to Mayday is that they can control your phone (with your permission) showing you exactly where to go on your phone to fix or do whatever it is you are trying to accomplish. They can even draw on your screen little arrows, they can circle things, one of the Mayday people even drew a cat on my screen just to show off.. it made customer support such a pleasant and fun experience. Also note, you can see them, but they can not see you. So don't worry about pressing Mayday with that pimple on your face... your good. The Dynamic Perspective is cool to show off some 3D effects, and Amazon has some cool games that utilize this feature, but those extra cameras on that phone do so much more, they help with the gestures you'll need to learn to navigate the phone, they accurately track your head position to add features in making things easier to browsing pages on websites and when reading Kindle Books and digital magazines, there is a cool Peeking feature which is used on the phone itself and on the Amazon Website, and more. 13 Megapixel Camera gives me some amazing pictures. The phone has a dedicated button for the Camera and its very responsive. Taking pictures is fast and easy. I use the Camera a lot a work. It's nice to grab, press and click... picture taken. And these pictures are very clear. And then there is Firefly... I love Firefly. It hears Music, tells me all about the song and artist. Reads Barcodes of all types, tells me what TV shows are playing by pointing my camera at the TV screen, and reads text from documents or postings very accurately and converts it to editable text to add to a document App of my choice, or email or text message. This phone takes time to get use too. I myself am really enjoying this phone. I listen to my Prime music, 64GB gives me plenty of room for all my music, my photos, I can watch my Prime movies and Tv shows, I have access to my Prime account and shopping. Keep track of all my shipping, It's Amazon's first attempt at a phone and I really believe they are on to something big here. Fits nice in my hand, has a premium weight, feel, and look to it. Has a great battery life which I'm actually quite shocked about considering it only has a 2400mAh battery. My previous phone had a much larger mAh amount and this Fire phone lasts just as long, and yet has 4 Cameras, plus infrared, plus a Selfie Camera, plus a 13 Megapixel rear camera with flash and Dual stereo speakers?... Not sure how they pulled this one out of their hat. But I am impressed. Bad part about the battery is that it's not removable. However, Amazon Basics sells a 10,000 mAh portable battery charger for $30.00 which you can bring with you to give you that extra sense of security in regards to battery life issues. But I haven't needed to use mine so far. But I'm sure as this phone gets older, so will the battery, and we all know what happens to batteries then.... only time will tell. I'm only giving this phone 4 Stars mainly because of the poor App selection. And the phone needs some work, for example; The default text App is hard to read (light blue text on white background) and you can not adjust the size of the text, but they have other Texting Apps to choose from (I like Textra) so I'm getting by. And they also have a feedback area in the Settings section of the phone where you can submit your complaints, experiences, ideas, and in my case "App Choices" that I would like to see on this phone. Otherwise I see no reason not to give this phone a full 5 Stars. Looking forward to the future and can't wait to see what the next Fire Phone will look like. And by then I'll assume they will have a better selection of Apps as well made some more improvements to this current Amazon Phone. Otherwise, I'm very pleased and proud to own this phone.
Great phone I am not sure what everyone else's problem is When I read all of the bad reviews I wonder if those people received a different phone than me because mine works awesome. People whine and say oh it doesn't have a 1.8 million super power HD screen but the screen is very good better than most phones I tried. The camera works great and it is every bit as fast as they claim. I will say the lack of Google play services is a little disheartening but some apps if you just download the APK file you can install the App without using the store. Which is what I did with snap-chat and a couple other apps that are not available on the Amazon store. But at the end of the day it was developed by Amazon for Amazon on an android platform so why would you expect it to be Google filled? Firefly works epic. It will seriously copy numbers and addresses in an instant. I even for laughs tried it on the phonebook and it sucked up every number on the page. kind of eerie but awesome. The gimmicky feature with the four cameras that sense your face's position is cool and I wish it had more uses! All and all I would say it is the best phone I have ever had It is a very well thought out device and I cannot wait for some update and more features.
Love it! I just bought this phone. It is a little different than my Android so I'm still learning where everything is, but WOW I'm impressed! It has all the apps I need and seeps really responsive. Feels substantial too, so that was a surprise. Has a quality feel to it, not like super lightweight phones I've had in the past.
The FirePhone. A Solid Phone from a Solid Company. My opinion of the Firephone has improved a great deal, from when I first received it. It's very well engineered and the screen resolution is excellent. The Firefly feature is very useful and innovative. I enjoy the Dynamic Perspective feature too, though I'm not really keen on how its going to be useful. The app library is pretty good, better than I first experienced. Once I was able to view the number of available apps on the Fire OS, I discovered the selection was more than adequate for my needs. The only drawback is AT&T. Their service is dismal, particularly when you realize how much you pay for it. Amazon's customer support is excellent and helped me, when AT&T could not or would not.
Fast, works with Ford SYNC, loads of features, smooth transfer from old Galaxy, loving it! UPDATE Sept I won't do a tech/specs breakdown review here - that's for others out there, I will simply share the every day user experience & things that I use/do most often & that my friends & neighbors all asked about as soon as they realized I had the new Amazon phone in my hand. I am switching over after two years with a Samsung Galaxy Note to the Fire Phone and I was expecting some drama and growing pains to be honest. There are some small aggravations, but that is to be expected any time you move into a new house and that's sort of what switching your smart phone is like. First...trust me on this....take a moment to stop and think logically and give yourself a little time to physically get used to the Fire & the wrist motions to open menus or scroll etc and the fact that the dynamic perspective does not require you to move the whole phone, just your head to experience it. Second spend some time wandering through the phone and checking out all it's features - I realized pretty quickly that some of the things I had apps for with my old phone, were already installed and part of the Fire, thus no need for an app at all. (Dual time zone clock for example) My Experience so far - Screen/Picture - The resolution is astonishing. So crisp and clear. Streaming a tv show on the phone was as nice as watching it on my HD television - both with WiFi and on 3G streaming. The touch screen is very, very sensitive and super responsive with almost no lag time which in turn leads to the point that the phone itself is very fast and responsive in moving from task to task. Blue Tooth & Ford SYNC - The biggest concern for me with any phone is if it will connect properly with my Ford SYNC system. This is a must. Connecting to our 2013 MyTouch version of SYNC was immediate and easy. The car recognized the phone and all features worked together, plus the Fire Phone passes my text messages through to the SYNC system which will read them out loud as I'm driving and even send a pre-selected message back. My old phone was never capable of that feature! My music all streams from the Fire to the car through the Blue Tooth & the song info appears on the car's screen as it should. Additionally, the Fire connected with an external Blue Tooth speaker in the house and a pair of earphones for use outside. Email - I was able to add three email accounts to my Fire Phone very quickly and easily - including my Gmail account with no drama at all. All 3 are syncing and new messages coming in correctly with no delays. Replying and forwarding functions are working correctly as well. You can see each mailbox individually or all at once if you like. Attached links work properly and linked YouTube videos opened immediately and played correctly. Attaching photos from your phone is a flick of the wrist and the option appears on the right side of the screen. Could not be easier. Camera - The camera does need more settings options - like action & low light etc. Though I may need more time to learn all it's tricks too. In normal lighting the few pictures I've taken are good. I do like the option of the "lenticular" photos - you can sort of take your own pictures for the dynamic perspective, that will take some practice to get the hang of though. And I haven't figured out how to edit photos yet, though that may need an app download. Phone Calls - Calls have been no better and no worse than my old Note phone was. I was on AT&T before so there's no change on that end. Ringtones can be customized using Mp3s (songs) by downloading a Ringtone Maker app (several free ones in the Amazon App store). I was able to pick an app, load it, clip 5 songs for 5 specific contacts and was finished in literally less than 6 minutes. Each of those people called me today and the ringtones worked correctly. <<< Blocking calls - this was something that was pretty painless on my old Note and something that I was disappointed to see Amazon forgot to include on the Fire Phone - the simple ability to immediately block a phone number so that it never rings through again or at the least goes directly to voice mail any and every time it calls you. (Crazy Amway lady 4 houses down, I am looking at YOU) Again, the app store fixed this problem. Multiple Call Blocker apps to choose from and they range from free to 5 dollars, so an extra step, but doable and problem solved. Transferring Data from old Phone to Fire - This was awesome! I was dreading this part and it turned out to be painless. Download the AT&T Mobile Transfer app to both your old phone and your new Fire Phone and follow the instructions. The app swapped 485 photos, 85 documents, 128 contacts with addresses, 800 SMS messages, 22 emails, 200 songs, 1 video & other data from my old Note to the new phone in about 12 minutes flat over WiFi. Done. I set both phones down and mopped the kitchen while they did their thing. The Fire had all my info and was ready to go like it had always been my phone. Be sure to back up your photos to your Amazon Cloud Drive before you swap your phones - just to be safe. Apps & Functions - There are only a couple of apps that I really miss from the Google world - a specific bank app and Flight Aware. Others are easily found in the Amazon store or very similar and just as functional versions. The Fire Map function is just as good as the Google Maps - testing it with 3 addresses in 3 states complete with asking for driving directions to those address and comparing them with the Google Maps yielded the same results, so I am satisfied with it. That dynamic perspective pops up as a cool thing on the maps here and there too. Games on the Fire Phone are pretty neat - it comes installed with a couple that highlight the dynamic perspective feature and the ones I play on my Fire HDX Tablet work just as nicely on the Fire Phone (The Walking Dead & Pandemic for example) Audible.com & Kindle apps both smoothly populated with my books immediately on registering the phone and opening the apps and both work smoothly as you would expect since they are all Amazon integrated products. The Firefly button is it's own little ball of cute useful mixed with silly time waster. Testing it on random music from the car radio produced correct results every single time, so did testing it on a song from a country music CD and a Beethoven CD. Testing it on a television show revealed the name of the show, the season & episode and the narrator. I even used it at an estate sale this morning to check the price of a book and found the same used book for less from a 3rd party seller at Amazon. (Which is the entire purpose of Firefly) Oddly, it did not recognize an item I had purchased from Amazon a few months ago, but there was an option to send the photo to Amazon and tell them what it was, so the system is evolving. Bottom Line - if you are already immersed in the Amazon universe, then this is phone will simplify your life to some extent and certainly organize your digital life to a great degree. All the Amazon planets will revolve together...Your Prime Membership, Audible, Kindle, Cloud, Fire Table, Fire Phone, Streaming Video and Streaming Music and of course shopping. Even if you're not, this is still a darn good phone in a lot of ways and certainly worth consideration.My only real caveat so far is that it may yet turn out to be a battery hog - hard to judge that after only two days though. To be fair, I have been playing with it and every function it has constantly and so has anyone that comes close and can get their hands on it. On the plus side, it recharges very fast, much faster than my Galaxy Note. The Fire Phone is light weight, feels good in the hand and is pretty intuitive and for those things that stump you, the Mayday button is one touch away for free live help which is something I never had with Samsung or Blackberry back in the day. I will definitely be keeping my new Fire Phone and I think it will become an extension of my hand even more than my Note was for the past two years. UPDATE July 27th- Battery Drain issue and fix. My battery was draining very fast the first day and I chalked it up to playing around with all the features and the phone populating itself with all my Amazon stuff...books, photos, music etc etc. The second day I realized it was the background processes constantly running and I resorted to the same fix I used with my old Galaxy Note phone the first week I had it (same problem). The Amazon App store has the AVG Antivirus specifically for the Fire Phone (free) and it has a task killer that keeps these things in check. 24 hours later.... significant improvement!!! UPDATE August 15, 2014 - Software update & user tips Amazon released a software update for the Fire Phone this week that offered some good tweaks based on user suggestions. Mainly, far and away improved battery life. Thanks guys! Additional features we got are the ability to pin our most used or favorite apps to the front of the carousel, no more incessant scrolling, the ability to delete emails directly from the carousel without opening your email client at all, and my favorite is the lock screen photo locket. You can have your custom lock screen photo and many more available to view simply by flicking the right edge of the screen...show photos to friends quickly without opening the entire file or scrolling through hundreds of others you don't want at that moment. Using the Fire Phone in sunlight - This was on the phone from day one, but I just realized it a few days ago... leaving your screen brightness setting on "auto" means it will self adjust according to the actual light wherever you are using your phone. I had put mine on low out of habit from my previous Galaxy phone as a battery saving step, so I was missing out one of my Fire's best features! You can see this screen IN SUNLIGHT!! No more darting into shade or holding a hand over the screen or squinting to read email etc. Honestly, I am loving this phone more with each week that goes by. UPDATE September 9, 2014 - Starbucks app work around For those who are lamenting the missing Starbucks app... the workaround is very simple and it works perfectly. Use the Amazon Wallet on your Fire Phone and Firefly your Starbucks card, front and back as a gift card into the wallet. Done. It scans from your phone at Starbucks with no problems at all and deducts correctly from your account. The wallet app on your phone updates automatically once a day or your can do it manually if you prefer with a single swipe of a finger. I added money to my Starbucks account from my phone the other day and it worked correctly. This may not be as slick as the old school Google app was, but it works and it's one time scan to put your card on your phone and done.
Learned to live wit... umm, I mean Love it;) I'll start of by saying I'm really new to the Amazon universe. I've been an iPhone user since the iPhone 3g days, so it was with much hesitation that I decided to give the Fire Phone a try. I got off to a really rocky start with the device. The day after I got it, I had to go back to the AT&T store because the phone froze and I could not reboot it. Over the next week or so, I started to really regret switching from the iPhone to this thing. I started missing the simple user interface of the iPhone, my emojis, my apps-- like Runkeeper, Bank of America, Drop box, Google maps.... etc. Then the phone quit notifying me of missed calls constantly... I called AT&T and they pawned me off on Amazon. Customer service is amazing with Amazon and they did not disappoint, they sent me a new unit which had a glitch with the proximity sensor or screen protector, not sure which. Fire Phone #3 arrived and it too had a bunch of glitches, including the fact that I could not access any pictures that I took with it...the picture folder was literally misssing.. well, after fighting with AT&T and basically being told by Amazon Mayday that there was something definitely wrong with the unit. I bit the bullet and did a factory full reset. Haven't had a major problem since. I'm pretty much used to the ui and I learned to download some apk's of the apps I absolutely need..oooh, also added the handcent mms app for texting, it has emojis, skins, popup notifications like my old iPhone but better. I'm a happy camper with this phone now. Still a little glitchy, but hoping an update us released soon addressing its small issues. Weird, I hate not being like the majority of people who have an iPhone or a Samsung, but I love being one of the few sucke....er ah ... I mean consumers to be a test dummy for this new device in the market. Good luck Amazon, I'm hoping you perfect the Fire Phone and I can say I was a visionary and a pioneer .. haha.
I had high hopes for the Fire! I am an avid Amazon "person." I have been a Prime member for years, my family purchases products from Amazon frequently, and we have multiple Kindles in our home. In short, we love Amazon. I REALLY wanted to love the Amazon Fire phone. My husband checked it out at AT&T and came home and told me he was sure that I WOULD love it. I went the very next day to obtain the Fire. At first, I was giddy. The phone was a decent size and felt sturdy in my hands. The screen was vibrant and crisp - and BOY that Dynamic view was incredible. I showed it to everyone - even if they weren't interested! The first few days were spent learning about my new awesome phone. Sure, there were some apps I wanted that weren't available (transitioning from a Nokia Lumia Windows 8 Phone, which I loved, and previously had the ole IPhone 4.) Strangely, there were no emoticons available for text messaging (an elementary feature these days, wouldn't you think?) The auto scroll feature was a bit iffy at times (way too fast most of the time but, to be fair, I didn't bother trying to figure out if I could slow it down through some setting somewhere.) The camera is ok - nothing to write home about after having had the Nokia Lumia 1020 - but it is fine. I was used to being able to click anywhere on the screen to snap a photo, so it would have taken a little bit to get used to having to click the button at the bottom of the screen instead. Where the heck is the back button? Oh, there is none. You have to swipe up to go back. Well, ok then. So far, the battery life has been my biggest concern because it's horrendous and I have had to keep it on a charger pretty much most of the time! Flicking the phone to either side to bring up either the menu (left) or additional information (right) worked pretty flawlessly for me. Watching videos and listening to music was great. I loved being able to drag and drop from my PC to phone without having to sync it with a program! It paired effortlessly via bluetooth to my vehicle (although it would not automatically play my music when turning on my vehicle when my previous phone did - and that became an irritation for me) and wireless headphones. The Firefly feature was pretty neat too, but I don't really see the need to use that very often. I think I could pretty much live with the flaws I had noticed so far...no smart phone has it all, right? Then, after a few days of playing with and learning my new awesome phone, I realized the battery life wasn't getting any better. I had erroneously assumed that my using the phone so much was the culprit in the dismal battery life. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. Once I had my phone set up the way I wanted and was using it normally, the battery continued to rapidly lose it's charge, and take an extremely long time to charge back up. Now overnight, when I was sleeping and the room was dark - it charged fine. When I woke up it was at 100%. An hour and half later it was sitting at about 55%. You could literally watch it tick down percent by percent. I wasn't actively USING it. I may check my email quickly or hope on Facebook for 5 mins but then set it down. Well - we can't keep our phones on a charger all day, can we? Exactly one week after getting my beautiful new Fire, I went back to AT&T thinking that I have just gotten a defective phone. It just won't hold a charge at all. They told me if you just turn off the dynamic view feature, the battery will hold the charge much better. Well - that is the biggest feature of this new fancy phone - right? The feature that is bringing in the crowds? I thought about it for about 5 seconds and said no thanks. Coupled with my other observations, just no. Sorry, Amazon. Maybe in a few years when you've worked out some kinks and upgraded that battery I might give it another try.
Amazon redeemed themselves to me today! Amazon redeemed themselves to me today! I was super disappointed about the news of the Fire phone price cut because I paid the original $200 bucks at the Fire phone launch. I felt ripped off. So I went online to read what others were saying and learned that Amazon will give customers, that purchased the phone through them at full price, a "price-match" rebate. I was thrilled! I was told to watch for $198 credit on the card I used for purchase. YAY! I love my new phone and have purchased several Kindles. I didn't want to feel ripped off by a company I have stood by and supported for so many years. Thank you Amazon, my faith in you has been restored! Call Amazon using Mayday on your phone, the Tech Support can get you the refund.
LOVE My Fire Phone My favorite thing it to push the Firefly button when I hear a song on the radio, and the phone tells me the song and artist. Too cool! I would give this phone 5 stars if I could get my banks app and a few others I miss, and the emojis for texting. This phone is better than the iphone by a longshot. Apple's energy policies are wonderful and I applaud them, but this is not the forum. Please rate the phone itself. I strongly recommend the Fire phone.
uber, AMC Solid overall phone. I am not a heavy app user, so the absence of some apps really isn't noticeable to me. Everything I use is available -- social media, uber, AMC, etc., and for those that are not I found suitable replacements. I've been using the iPhone since Gen 1, and I simply wanted to try something new without forking over $700. I've not experienced the hardware issues and battery life challenges some of have reported, but I also am not on my phone 24-7. I've been pleased with my purchase, although the software was a bit of an adjustment the first few days because I've been using Apple devices for so long.
This is my first smart phone and I truly love it This is my first smart phone and I truly love it! I love everything Amazon and have been a customer for many years. Because, this is my first smart phone the "mayday" feature helped me tremendously to learn how to use the phone. I LOVE IT and have no complaints!!!
Fire Phone Pleases. Two week review: The Good: As a consumer of Amazon services and devices, this phone was the logical choice for me. I didn't expect access to Google play, as I've owned other Amazon devices and was already familiar with the interface. This phone fits well into the existing Amazon ecosystem with a familiar though enhanced interface. I've been pleasantly surprised by my experience with the phone. The form factor is near perfect. The Amazon app store is excellent. Integration into existing Amazon services is beautiful. With the latest software update battery life is good. The features are surprisingly well executed and integrated into the interface. There should be good potential for developers to integrate dynamic perspective into apps, particularly games. The camera is very good and nicely integrated. Audio was up to my expectations for a device of this size. I've used Firefly most days, finding it most useful for identifying music. Taken as a whole, Amazon services and device, I doubt that there is a better deal. The Bad: Initially, battery life was unexceptional. The phone gets warm under high demand(not hot). The much complained about lack of Google services is a fact. The AT&T service restrictions are annoying. Resolution: Recent software updates have improved upon battery life. I've learned to use the features of the interface more efficiently, thus wasting fewer battery resources. The phone doesn't seem to warm up as much. Maybe I don't notice it or maybe software updates have reduced resource waste. I don't feel tied down by the need to charge the device. I've sideloaded the Google apps I really want(Chrome), there are good equivalents for others. There are other sources besides Google play for most apps that aren't available though the Amazon app store. So far, AT&T service has been acceptable, time will tell. Comparison: Device history, Samsung Galaxy S3, Samsung Galaxy Tablet, Kindle Fire HDX, Kindle Paperwhite with keyboard. Admittedly this is a limited set of devices, I don't usually early adopt. The interface is superior to either of the Samsung devices and comparable to the HDX with enhancements. The interface is uncluttered and has a nice layout. The reader is comparable to the HDX. I prefer to set up the reader on both devices to black background with white text, while the E-ink interface of the Paperwhite is preferable with white background to reduce eye strain. Conclusion: If like me, you prefer Amazon services for Kindle over the Google equivalents, this phone should be considered. If you use Amazon Prime Services for steaming, this phone should be considered. If you are in the market to upgrade from a flip phone to a smart phone, consider this phone. If you are highly tied into the Google ecosystem, you will be disappointed.
That was an awesome tool. Now I'll be brief and simple. I'm loving the phone so far, unboxed the package just a few minutes ago. I've also just used the Help feature and got through to a tech within seconds. That was an awesome tool. Now, here's something that you - Amazon (or the developers, coders) may want to work on. And it's such a HUGE help and feature to have on the Calendar. On the "Where" part, you know, where you put the location of the event, Please update/ patch the app to where it is clickable and automatically opens up the default Maps app, that way the user can automatically be navigated to the location. Very simple addition, but extremely extremely extremely helpful (as I was explaining to Libertie - the tech rep). And it's not like the feature is not already existing.. Fire Phone just has to have it for business people with several lines of daily agenda, instead of copying and pasting that line to the Maps app. That's a loss of precious time and not to mention a safety concern when you're on the road. There. Add that, and Fire will be more awesome.
It's a good phone! The only problem people may have is the lack of apps compared to Google and App Store. Yes, I can not use my Strava, Movescount and a bunch os useless apps that I do have in my iPhone. It has a very good OS, very fast and efficient. The geometry is great, the size of the screen is perfect for my needs. Battery life is good, much better than my iPhone 5s. The email app is excellent, the keyboard is good, the speakers are much better than others, it comes with a great pair of headphones. The size of the screen is perfect for reading, I can read my books at any spare time I have. I have used twice the Mayday, great stuff. You get rewards (coins) from purchases and all your amazon stuff is there (music, movies, account, etc.). Once the Google/Amazon app thing is settled (hopefully) everyone will have their nice apps and will have a different opinion about Fire phone. In my opinion, this is a very good phone with a lot of potential.
It's okay. It's okay. Pro- It came with several of the apps I use already installed and I was able to install a few others Con- There are quite a few apps that just aren't available, it seems every time I go to look for a specific app it's not there. Amazon recommends some that are similar, but I close is not close enough. Pro- I can read books and listen to audio books. Con- Short of downloading every single book I own and going to the furthest point I've read in each book there is no way for me to mark them as read. On my Kindle I'm able to move the books into folders so I know where I'm at. The android app for audible allows you mark books as finished, I REALLY liked this option for the simple fact that I don't always remember right which books I have and have not read. The Fire Phone does not allow this at this time. Pro- I can pin the apps I use the most to the Carousel. Con- It shows every app or book I've opened recently. My internet search history is available for anyone to read if I'm showing them my "cool new phone" which is annoying. I don't have any bad websites, I just would rather it not be "public" information. Pro- I love being able to push the black button and say "Call (insert someone's name)" or "Text (insert someone's name)". Con- It doesn't work 100% of the time. Pro- Fire tricks are cool Con- This is actually my second Fire Phone, after three weeks of tech support they finally figured out that my Dynamic Perspective wasn't working properly and sent me a new phone. Three weeks. Brand new out of the box phone. But it works on the new phone, it's cook I guess. The Firefly thing is a cool party trick for about 5 minutes. Pro- Good phone quality, battery life, size Con- the camera is a little slow but is livable to me Will I ever buy a Fire Phone again? I'm going to give this phone a year. It's new so I'm sure Amazon is still working out the kinks and will make some upgrades to the software along the way to improve the phone. Hopefully those improvements will include more and improved apps which is my biggest complaint with this phone so far.
Judge for yourself. Okay, now I am going to be completely honest. I almost returned this phone because of all the negative reviews but I decided to judge it for myself. I'll get the negative stuff out of the way first. Cons: 1. No back button. I learned that you could go back a screen by swiping the lower half of the phone vertically from the bottom up and I think that is really weird. 2. Data usage on my plan has increased since getting this phone. It uses data constantly while swiping through the carousel for email, maps, products Amazon is trying to sell you, etc. I have never went over my data plan before, but I did within the first month of using this phone. 3. Dynamic Perspective. I have turned that off and saw a vast improvement in battery life. Pros: 1. I am not as addicted to google as I thought. I put in my gmail email account info and don't need to use Google for anything else. 2. Elegant design. I had a Samsung Galaxy 3 and this phones display makes that ones look like its made for preschoolers. Although it uses more data the carousel is awesome and while it does promote buying stuff from Amazon, I would have gotten the stuff from Amazon anyways because they have a great variety of items. 3. Button for easy access to camera is very good idea. 4. I have found all my favorite apps: Spotify, Sirius XM radio, Chase bank, etc. I have not missed any apps that I uses frequently. 5. 64 Gbs of storage is awesome and all phones should have the option to get it without buying a micro card. All in all, I'm very happy with this phone and just wanted to let people know that it does have good features.
Hey, at least I can call someone on it... If it's not dead. I'm a fairly avid Android user, and I have to say this is by far one of the worst experiences I've had on android. Where to start? Pros: Dynamic perspective is interesting but pointless Year of Amazon Prime! Free application every day. Maybe the firefly feature, never found a use for it though. I can call someone on it. Cons: Battery life is terrible when using the phone Requires you to jump through hoops to install "regular" android applications Has few worthwhile applications on Amazon App Store (This may or may never change) Silk is a terrible and un-intuitive browser with limited functionality that I had on Chrome (hint: swipe right to get to an actual menu) Application Management is terrible; Settings > Applications > Manage Applications > Running/Cached to be able to kill running applications. Which really sucks because some applications will apparently chew through mobile data. Even on WiFi I have been running significantly more data than I did with my previous phone with similar behavior. Applications seem to eat mobile data (see above) Music App is terrible; refused to sync to my amazon music library, had to transfer music manually from computer. Can be difficult to get to your applications from "home screen." You have to swipe up, and it will sometimes not register, I've sat looking like an idiot for 3+ minutes trying to get this thing to get to the application I wanted to get to. HDR mode takes forever to get a picture. Unless you are taking a picture of a painting, you're better off just using any other cellphone camera. Even taking a picture of a picture you will likely get some blur. Lock Screen functionality is practically non-existent. No matter how any times I set my lockscreen to either a picture or another dynamic lock screen and select "never rotate" the screen will rotate about every 2-4 hours. Honestly, it's a small software bug, but I find this personally the most annoying part of this phone. The only lockscreen worthwhile, anyway, is the moon one, the rest look like garbage (personal opinion) When I go to unlock, phone constantly goes into camera mode without me pressing the camera buttons In Summary: I really really wish I had never gotten this phone. Perhaps with a significant amount of software patching some of these issues can be addressed, but hey, the battery will always be terrible for my model, so don't expect to go anywhere for more than half a day if you are using this thing with any sort of regularity. I honestly thought Amazon could do well breaking into the tech market, considering their other successes. I was very wrong. Don't be me.
Fire Phone is Awesome! I love my fire phone. Backed by Amazon's unparalleled customer service, it is just what I needed. I have had an iphone for 3 + years and I was so over it. I read all the reviews about the firephone and felt that the issues people had woudln't be a big deal to me and they aren't. They only thing I don't love are the headphones but who cares, I can get new ones. <3 My fire phone and unless you are tied to itunes or google play in a way that you wouldn't be able to live without those three obscure apps, then you will too.
I thought the Amazon Fire Phone great, and I loved that I could access my ... Updated review, modified from 1 to 4 stars, 10/24/14. Overall, I am very happy with my Amazon Fire Phone. As an avid Amazon customer and Kindle Fire tablet user, it was a no-brainer for me to try this phone out. Love that Amazon refunded the $200 price difference to me! When priced at $450 ($350, considering the year of the Amazon Prime), it's a good value, compared to the competition. Pros: - Easy to use - Love that I can access my Amazon products (books, music, movies, etc) - Added plus to receive an extra year membership for my Amazon Prime, $99 value - Good screen size, w/nice look and feel - Camera is great - Love the free Amazon photo cloud storage - Phone controls are good (like the bottom swipe feature for "back") - Email easy to install and use - Dynamic Perspective is cool for game players - Firefly is useful when I go shopping; just scan barcode for product info or to buy - Mayday Button to access Customer Service is super (Amazon Customer Service is top notch) Cons: - Battery drains a bit fast, but seems to be improving w/system upgrades. - I had problems w/my initial Fire Phone, about 5 weeks after purchase. It overheated, especially when charging (got HOT, not just warm). Screen started locking up, going black. Had to completely reboot every time it happened. Used Mayday Button/Customer Service 2x. Bought the $650 phone through AT&T when they first came out, but Amazon stood behind the purchase. Sent me a brand new phone and also gave me a $200 credit (as Amazon gift card). Note: Amazon first thought the screen protector was causing the screen blacking-out problem, that it was messing up the phone's sensors. I removed the $25 Moshi IVisor AG Screen Protector (which was specific for this phone), but same problem kept occurring. My new phone is working well so far, so I am happy with the Fire Phone purchase.
I don't own the Fire Phone either! But not due to GREENPEACE! Dear GREENPEACE: I just want you to know that as a supporter of Greenpeace for decades, I have had just about enough of your ignorance and juvenile actions. You no longer represent me or my beliefs. You are doing more harm than good by recruiting trolls exclaiming "rabble rabble rabble!" with no purpose, just to abuse the review and rating system of a cell phone. You ignorant freaks send hundreds of these trolls to rate a product they do not own, and know nothing about WHY they are rating it as such. Talk about "dirty energy"! It is a discussion. Not a freaking game. Amazon and it's head staff, founders and developers have done more for the environment than Greenpeace has ever done. If you got your heads out of your arses you would be able to see that. So continue your stupid slanderous campaign, as each day continues to devalue your organization and embarrass all that supported you in the past or present. Clearly all these kids needed something to do with their time when not folding shirts at Hot Topic. I believe this is the end of your organization and you deserve every backlash there is that will bring you down. I regret every dollar and minute of my time ever devoted to your "organization". Amazon is surely going to address this abuse, the allegations and accusations. I trust this company and it's ultimate purpose and they do not deserve any of this ridiculous harassment. Based on the plethora of negative reviews, I will now consider buying the Amazon Fire Phone, because I know Amazon stands behind their product. I also know that if I am not happy in any way, they will always make it right. PROOF that Greacepeace is the cause of the negative reviews, due to a flooding campaign by David Pomerantz "Greenpeace USA Senior Energy Campaigner": us.greenpeace.org/site/TellAFriend?msgId=43061.2 In case Greenpeace removes the page, here is all of the text reply you get after submitting your letter to Jeff Bezos that they wrote for you: ----------------------------------------------------------- Friend - Thank you for telling Amazon's Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos to finally come clean about his company's energy performance and environmental impact. Making this information public is the first step to getting Amazon to clean up its act. And the more the company hears from its customers, the quicker it will happen. Let's take this to the next level by talking to Amazon in the one language we absolutely know it understands: product reviews! HELP flood Amazon.com with 1-star reviews for their first ever smartphone, the Amazon Fire. Why the Fire? The recently released Fire phone's major boast is its unlimited cloud data storage ... but there's a BIG catch. Unlike Apple's iCloud which is powered by 100% renewable energy, Amazon's cloud data centers are run on dirty energy like coal, gas and nuclear power. Amazon's Fire's reliance on dirty energy isn't cutting edge, and it's completely unnecessary. Storing our photos, music and messages shouldn't mean we are forced to damage the health of our climate and communities. Apple, Facebook, and Google have figured out how to store our photos and music with renewable energy, and so can Amazon. These reviews will show Amazon that it's time to move to modern energy sources and make a "smarter phone" supported by clean, renewable energy. Do you have an Amazon.com account? Great! Now, take these TWO easy steps to tell Amazon to shape up: 1) Copy the following review (or just write your own): It's time to put out the Fire! It makes sense why the price of the Fire has dropped to 99 cents, when its key feature - unlimited photo storage in the cloud - comes with a hidden cost. The Fire's reliance on dirty energy like coal and gas to power its cloud is not a strong selling point, especially when competitors like Apple are using 100% clean, renewable energy. If Amazon can commit to using modern energy sources, then maybe I could consider giving the Fire a higher review. 2) Click HERE to leave a 1-star review on the Amazon Fire Phone product page: Pssst ... don't forget to click "one" star when you paste your review. And you may need to log into your Amazon.com account first before accessing the review page. Thank you again for taking action. Time and time again we've seen that your support makes a big difference in getting companies like Amazon to embrace better policies. As an Amazon.com customer, it's important they hear from you directly. For a greener internet and future, David Pomerantz Greenpeace USA Senior Energy Campaigner -----------------------------------------------------------
Don't buy it! I've had the phone for 5 days and it really makes me miss my iPhone. First off, the apps run slow and sluggish. I can't find the appropriate apps that I need, and when I download a substitute app, it doesn't do what I need. For example, I can't print from my phone! Secondly, people complain they can't hear me. When I adjust the phone so they can, the sound is terrible and shrill which hurts my ear. But that is the only way people can hear me when talking. This phone fails at the very basic thing it's meant to do. The only thing this phone rocks at is shopping on Amazon or talking to Amazon's customer service. I'm so disappointed I bought this phone. :-(
feel good, not cheap I wanted to give up this phone in the beginning, as it only has amazon appstore. I cannot find wechat, QQ, etc. However, if you know how to install apps from unknown source, actually you can install many apps which you use daily. Just download apk file and install it. even you can install google core service by copying google service, gmail, frame etc apk file to your fire phone and install it. This phone is designed solid, feel good,not cheap. after 2 days optimization, i love this phone. Cons: most of the iphone user donot know to how install app through unknown source, will think this phone is bad. However, once you know how to utilize this phone, it is worth 4 star and above.
Great Phone and now Great price, for those who have waited. Wish I had. The overall Fire Phone is Great, which keeps my star rating at a Four in light of the Extreme price decrease. New purchasers should take advantage. This phone is easy to use and I had no problems transferring my contacts, music and photos from my iPhone. I received detailed instructions for how to do this after purchasing the Fire Phone. I agree with another reviewer that the power button is difficult to maneuver, especially with a bumper guard on. And it could be in a handier place. Picture quality is Excellent. I don't even take my regular camera with me anymore. All pictures are stored in my Amazon cloud with unlimited storage. Sweet! Being able to access the camera even with a locked screen is very handy, however having the same button access Firefly, which opens at least half the time I'm trying to take a quick picture, can be a real hassle. At least it is easy to toggle between the camera and Firefly. To be noted, the camera drains the battery pretty quickly which can be a downer when using it on vacation. The upside is that you don't ever have to worry about running out of picture storage space. Firefly is fast and handy, especially when I want to know what a song is, playing on the radio. It is a lot easier and a lot faster than my SoundHound searches with my iPhone 4s. Also, checking for the Amazon price on items I find in the store can be a real money saver. I Love the Firefly feature. The fact you can only access the Amazon pool of apps is limiting. I hope this is something which will be fixed. I really miss my Sleep Time and Starbucks apps. Mayday is easy, fast and helpful. Mayday = Customer service at it's best. The Sound Quality is good and volume for phone calls and music is great. I do have a problem hearing my phone ring and almost never hear it when I receive a text, so these volumes could be improved upon. Transferring my old ringtone would be nice, but with the app issue I have yet to figure this out. The 3D screen is awesome but how about some new home screens to choose from? The Fire Phone vibrates ever so slightly in your hand while typing which I find extremely cool. It makes using my phone more fun. It's like playing a video game while I'm doing everyday things. You can turn this feature off if it bothers you. I agree with others that the Fire phone does get pretty hot with use. But I'm not sure how unusual this is compared to other 4G smart phones. Now for the kick-in-the-pants. The reason for not giving Five stars. Those of us who went ahead and bought the newfangled, un-tested Fire Phone right out of the gate, instead of waiting for the new iPhone 6, either paid or are paying full price for the Fire. If we'd just waited for the iPhone 6 release, we could now get the same great Fire Phone for $0.99. REALLY??? I suppose I may have just decided to stay with an iPhone since the Fire phone reviews have been subpar, but then I'd be missing out on a pretty great phone. At the time of purchase, I already knew Amazon would stand behind their product and would provide excellent customer service and felt good about the choice. And I like the Fire Phone more than my iPhone 4s, but the difference in price is Astronomical! Money is tight, so this price difference is more than a little aggravating. And the worst part is that I'll get to simmer about it for the next two years of my contract. Not cool.
This phone is much better than the early press reviews. It is an exceptionally accomplished phone. Well, first thanks for delivering a day before the promised date. Worked perfectly out of the box. I have read a lot of the prerelease reviews of this phone and think that the reviewers have generally got it wrong, This is a super phone, Most reviewers complain that the Amazon aps are limited. I have sideloaded, Waze, the Mircosoft Office Mobile Ap, Lync 2013, Parrot Audio,NY Times and others using backup and copy .apk files from Samsung note 3, to desktop to Firephone without any difficulty. When I got the phone I fully charged it and easily installed office exchange email and calendar as well as a personal IMAP email and downloaded with USB connection 8 gigs of music. Every thing works perfectly and I had about 9 hours of continuous use and it had 25% left. The integration with Amazon functions is suburb and I did not have to do anything to get books, magazines and other content on to the pone. Voice quality is terrific and Skype works perfectly. The messaging application is terrific and the integration with facebook and twitter is excellent. I think it is a winner and without all the bloatware of Samsung phones is more useful. And some have said that the speech to text application is minimal. I don't get it, I dictated three or four emails and the translation to text was instantaneous and accurate. I also tested upload and download speeds and it is faster than any phone I have had on both wifi and ATT. And finally the camera is excellent, and the firefly application really works. So, early days but I am really satisfied. Nice Job Amazon.
Steer clear - doesn't live up to hype unless you simply want to spend more money with Amazon I was impressed by the announcement - particularly Firefly - and curious to see the "almost 3D" interface. When the phone arrived, I unpacked it and carefully removed the SIM card since I did not want to switch my service until I was certain I would like the phone. It was a bit tricky to get the card released. Once it was, I went through the phone set up quickly to see how it performed and what it could do. I was underwhelmed. The problem for Amazon was building a differentiated product that could compete against Android based handsets and maybe also iOS. It is not clear to me why anyone would want this phone. It runs a forked version of Android. However, Amazon basically lobotomized Android to create the environment on this phone. If you are an Android power user, you will be immediately frustrated by what is not there - in other words, Amazon removed all sorts of customization features of Android (from settings to home screen, etc.). They added some apps and a UI that is sort of a pretender to iOS but not. The result is something that looks slick when you first turn it on but quickly becomes tedious and frustrating. It is even missing some of the limited privacy controls of Google Android - and that should give you an idea of now invasive this phone is - all the time. You can't control the reaping of your information and usage statistics. If you use this phone, you are inviting Amazon to know all the details of your life. As for the famous UI that uses the four cams in the corners of the device, count me out. Not worth the money. You basically have a cutesy attempt at 3D that is not at all useful. As if all that wasn't enough to deep six this confused phone, it does not have tethering capabilities at all. That is crazy since it is already in the Android source. I gave it one star because at least it has a reasonable case and form factor. That said, it weighs a lot more than other Android devices. Sadly, is a terrible product.
Love my Fire Phone I love my Fire Phone - It is fantastic - I have had all the others - BUT NONE came with the Mayday for help with everything!! I can now use the phone to the capabilities and don't have to take a day off to go to the phone store to learn about things - The Mayday folks are terrific and always have been able to teach me more and more and are available anytime!! - I have loved my amazon prime and have a Kindle Fire and a regular Kindle too - I have found that I do not use them as much anymore as I find my Fire phone to be right there!! Thank you Amazon for making this phone - Keep the faith and please keep making the Fire phone!!!
No complaints here. Don`t know what people a whining about. Best phone I have had in the close to 20 years I have been using cell phones. Great pictures and interesting opening pages. More apps than I will ever use. Price was great at .99 cents. And a year extra of prime. Alot of the features remind me of my kindle fire. So it was easy to get used to using. Transfer from my old iphone was a breeze. Rock on Amazon!
Nice phone. As for the 1 Star reviews Every phone has flaws. Every one uses their phone differently. These phones are designed for the masses, not for each of us individually. Nice phone. As for the 1 Star reviews...just read them. Somebody or some group spammed the review section. If you read enough of them, you will see they repeat themselves. The activists who wrote them no doubt drive electric cars and recycle everything...including their reviews. What's really funny is the number of people who found these fake reviews helpful. This may not be the best phone out there, but kudos to Amazon for allowing the fake reviews to stay up.
A Few Tips for Making Your Fire Phone Better I'm surprised at how much I like this phone. While previous Kindle Fire devices felt somewhat clunky or as though they were missing something, that's not at all the impression I get with the Fire Phone, which I got after giving up my old iPhone. The larger screen size is taking a little getting used to, but really at this point I have no complaints about the software, the battery life, or Internet access. There are a few things I've figured out that might be useful to others. The first is for Facebook users who would prefer not to have their phone buzz every time or have your data eaten up by the phone constantly checking for updates. Tap the menu button on the right and scroll down to App Settings to turn those things off. That'll help the battery life as well. Next if you'd like to turn of the little recommendations you see underneath carousel items, you can go to Settings>Applications & Parental Controls and select the 4th option to toggle those off. One last thing I'm really happy to see is that apps are already coming out that take advantage of the Fire's more ambitious features. If you want to have some real fun with Firefly, check outHome Inventory Manager, which allows you to scan items around the house and keep track of them on your device.
Terrific phone! This was a birthday gift for my husband who never had a smart phone before this. He does not enjoy change. He really like this phone and that is a big statement! After a few weeks he is still learning how to use all of the fun things. One if only one complaint is the carrier being solely ATT. We are not in a good spot for ATT at our home but outside of home is not problem. I would like to see another carrier offered, as well as a charging pad, since the battery needs charged more often that we expected. But who minds with that great screen??
I LOVE THIS PHONE Before buying this fire phone I read the reviews, both negative and positive. I was surprised at the number of negative reviews, some of whom seemed to want to say every possible negative thing about this phone with seemingly venemous hatred. Having had a number of Amazon Kindle products before, I doubted that the negative reviews could possibly be true. Nevertheless, I have an engineering background, so I tested it very carefully when I got it. And I am happy to report that so far NOTHING in the negative reviews has come true for me. I can only conclude those negative reviewers either had an anti-Amazon axe to grind, or didn't take the time to familiarize themselves with the phone through actual intelligent use of it. ECO SYSTEM I've had three Kindle Fire tablets, and this Fire phone hooks seamlessly to their ecosystem of books and videos, which I use heavily in my professional work so that's important to me. I've had the phone now for two weeks, and had no problems. I think the quality of engineering is excellent, and that those who posted bad reviews never gave it a chance or didn't seek help for whatever problems they were having. BATTERY LIFE. First of all, a lot of people complained about battery life. The phone comes with everything turned on, which makes for a great demonstration, but you wouldn't leave every light in your house turned on all day long would you? Every portable computer I've ever purchased had to be configured for optimum battery life, and the Fire Phone was no exception. Once I got the phone, I ran through the demonstration, then turned off anything I wasn't using at the time, and I can honestly say the battery life has been excellent. I haven't attempted to replicate Amazon's claims, but when I configured it to run just the phone, after 15 hours, the battery was only down to 96%, that is, it only lost 4% in a day on phone standby, which is MISERLY in my book and better than my previous phone. Absolutely nothing to complain about here! I've been on vacation, so I had more time than usual to fuss with the phone, and I've deliberately used it heavily to test the battery life. On the heaviest days, by the end of a typical day's worth of downloading, being on the web, trip planning, maps, listening to music, and reading Kindle books, it was down to something around 49% by the time I was done for the day and ready to put the phone back on the charger before bed, which considering all the things I was doing during that day, again I have no problem with whatsoever. The only time the phone ran down was when I left an app running when I thought I had turned it off. We were driving at the time, and the phone warned me when it ran low, I put it on the car charger, and it charged up promptly. Also, if you're going to be doing something very heavy like video streaming for hours and hours all day long, that would run down any portable device. Just bring the charger with you and run it on the charger for that. CONFIGURATION My one recommendation, turn off wifi if you're not using it, especially if you're driving, as it will keep trying to find wifi as you drive which means the wifi radio is running at full blast, which is a total waste of battery power. Similarly, turn off the data plan if you're not using it so you don't have any surprises at the end of the month. You can also turn off Location Services if you're not traveling, and turn off the 3D motion sensing if you don't need it for what you're doing. Firefly only runs when you hold down the photo key, so that's not running if you haven't asked for it.. MAPS I've been driving around New England, and the maps application has performed flawlessly in trip planning, and then after I picked the route, keeping me on track on the maze of roads around the beach areas and other tourist attractions. It's intuitive and never skipped a beat. Even when I missed turns, it had the route recalculated in just a few seconds and was getting me back in the right direction. I have only good things to say about this app. DATA PLAN The data plan has been considerably more miserly than I expected. It's been two weeks and I've only used 168 MB. The phone helps out in this regard, as it warns you if you're about to do a big download while the data plan is on, and it also has switches to completely suppress streaming and downloading unless you're on wifi, to keep you from using the data plan unexpectedly. LAYOUT The phone is laid out intuitively. I've never had to use the MayDay feature to ask for help, altho I hear that people who have done that were satisfied with the result. USAGE INDICATORS It's very easy and only takes a few seconds to check battery life, data plan usage, and whether wifi or data plan are turned on. There are lots of other things you can track as well. No complaints here. MESSAGING The messaging is intuitive and it works. Nothing negative to say about it. BROWSER The Silk browser is actually faster than on my Kindle. Everything runs fine except YouTube, which hangs frequently, as it does on my other Kindles. I solved that by using TubeMate 2.4 on my Kindles, and that is available on the Fire Phone app store and solves the problem there too. It also allows you to download YouTube videos if you want. WEATHER gives you instant weather for your area for today, and has a 10-day forecast on a side panel. It doesn't have detail like the www.weather.com, so I find myself using the Fire weather app for a quick check, but the weather.com for doing trip planning to a distant area SIGNING UP I bought my Fire Phone at my local AT&T store. The sales rep had me put in my Amazon account, and immediately all my hundreds of books and CDs were available on the phone for downloading. That is what I have come to expect from Amazon, and no complaints about that. DOWNLOADING Downloading a book takes seconds, CD tracks a bit longer, and large audio-books and full-length videos take awhile, showing times comparable to my Kindle tablets. No hangs, no glitches, no complaints. E READING Features similar to my Kindle tablets, that is to say, very satisfactory, with the ability to adjust fonts, line spacing, background shade, have the book read to me on audio (text to speech, very handy), highlight, make notes. It's all synchronized, so if I read in a book on my Kindle, the next time I look at that book on the phone, the phone knows I've read ahead, and offers to advance the pages to that point. No problem there! VIDEOS I downloaded a full-length movie via wifi, and the quality of sound and picture quality are excellent. You can of course stream instead of downloading. Amazon Prime means there are thousands of free movies and TV shows available. We've been using Prime free videos ever since it came out, and think it's a great feature. I'm a Star Trek fan, and one of the first things I did was stream a Star Trek episode on the phone for free, and the quality was fine, no buffering glitches. PHONE I've had AT&T for years, so I'm very familiar with their service, which is basically troublefree. The audio quality of the Fire phone is superior to my previous phone in voice clarity, so I'm happy there. CAMERA Haven't used the camera extensively as I have a video camera I take with me, but the sample photos and videos I took with the phone were fine. FIREFLY I LOVE this feature. I collect old books, and even books that have been out of print for many years are quickly identified by pointing the phone at them, so if someone shows me an old book which is recommended, a few seconds later, all the used book dealers in the Amazon network show up so I can order a copy if I wish just by pushing a button. AUDIO BOOKS I use audio books extensively, and all the audio books in my Amazon cloud account were immediately available to download, and the ones I have downloaded have worked flawlessly, no complaints AUDIO QUALITY I have hooked the phone to my theater system, and played complex sources like pipe organ and they reproduced excellently EAR BUDS These are the BEST earbuds I have ever used. I compared them to a high quality Bose over the ear headphone for complex sources like the pipe organ, and of course the Bose was better, but it also cost several hundred dollars more. What amazed me was how good the Amazon phone earbuds were, they were far better than any of my other earbuds, and the fact that they were almost as good as the Bose unit blew my mind.(they are large for earbuds and have an extra conductor in the plug for a subwoofer element in each bud). I think this is a selling point for this phone which has been overlooked) APP STORE I downloaded several of the apps I use on my Kindle Fire tablets for newspaper and TV news show playback, and they all worked fine as expected. CONCLUSION This unit performed flawlessly for the two weeks I've had it, it's never skipped a beat, never hung or crashed. Everything has been high quality and worked as expected. I'm very happy. My suggestion, ignore the negative reviews and give the phone a try.
Great phone I love my Fire phone. I've had it for about 2 months now, it has been great and everything on it has operated perfectly so far. I found an easy way to sideload google apps so any app not available from amazon I am still able to get. Even if I couldn't do that, it's not a huge issue for me. The camera is great, and I've used Firefly many times. Amazon customer service is awesome-- I bought it full price, and when the price dropped, an email to amazon got a me a refund. I don't think it's fair that so many people have posted bad reviews of it without even owning or trying the phone. A "review" is a place for someone who has tried the phone to tell about their experience using it, not for just anyone to post their opinion-- find a forum for that. And these hundreds of 1 star reviews that suddenly popped up about the dirty energy must be from some kind of organization encouraging people to do so, many of them are almost identical wording. Again-- these are not reviews for the phone itself. Take up your issues with Amazon's business practices elsewhere.
gave it a chance, good ideas, but poor execution UPDATE 9/16/14: I was an excited early adopter of the Fire Phone and gave it 4 stars initially, but have updated my review to reflect my current opinion. I will leave my initial review below. The reasons I have changed my review is primarily frustration with missing functionality. I really wanted to like this phone! I have found I need to swipe often twice to bring up the quick menu, sometimes I need to click twice to send an email or text. The phone slows down more often than my old phone. It is not obvious how to save attachments to the cloud. Furthermore, the phone is just not a pleasure to use. I switched to LG G3 and that has been an excellent phone, so much more responsive and it just works. The Fire phone's problem is that it just isn't there. It needs significant updating and firmware improvements, but hasn't been updated in over a month. For those that adopt I truly hope that Amazon contiues to support the product, but I don't think they've been up to snuff so far, unfortunately. OLD REVIEW: First off a little bit about me. I am coming over from a Lumia 920, which was overall a very solid phone. I have a dislike for the iPhone and apple and I have owned an android phone before in the form of an HTC incredible. I very much liked my windows phone, but I got tired of the small app ecosystem and the degraded music/video experience in the 8.1 update. I am tech savvy, but I don't like to use my phone for too many things. I use it for email, texting, phone calls, music, news, taking pictures, restaurants reviews, note taking and directions primarily. I am not heavily invested in instagram, facebook or the like. Why did I buy this phone? A: I like to be a bit of a contrarian and have something different, heavily invested in amazon ecosystem, a year more of prime, intrigued by firefly and dynamic perspective and felt it was a good quality piece of equipment. Alright, so onto the phone. I very much like the size and build of the phone it has a nice feel in the hands. While the screens ppi, might not measure up with some newer phones I find it crisp and viewable in all degrees of brightness. Transitions between apps and scrolling is very smooth. I do like the interface that gives you a window into the app on the carousel rather than having to open the app. I think this is very nice and efficient. I found the amazon email client and map client to be more than sufficient. The camera itself is also quite nice and I like the cloud back-up. The bluetooth pairing was also fast and seemless with my bluetooth headset, spearkers and car. Overall, I think the basic stuff works well. What about dynamic perspective? I think this is a very neat feature and does make some of the games more immersive. I think the jury is still out on how useful it will be overall, but I think it is an intriguing technology that I hope will mature over time. Right now I think it is a bit of a gimmick, but will hopefully become more. I think the facial tracking can be utilized in interesting ways in the future. Firefly, as others have said is a shazam, qr, object scanner on steroids. It is impressive and will likely only become more and more able to detect a higher degree of objects. It is worthwhile for comparison shopping. I think it will be a powerful feature to build into other apps and is a selling point in my mind, but again, while almost there, still needs some polish. The battery. The first few days I didn't count as I was downloading and playing with it more than normal. Also I think these batteries need a few full charges before they get to a steady state in my experience. Now that I am a few days in I would say the battery life is fine. I was able to go the whole day with my usual use pattern. It also is more energy efficient than my Lumia 920 was when I am out of cellular service (which happens in certain areas in my workplace) and did not run down as quickly. So overall, I think some of the complaints are by people who haven't given it a few days to settle out. By no means is this battery a world beater, but I think it is not a negative in any particular way. The app ecosystem. Some will complain, but I have always like the amazon app store. I use it on my Nexus tablet more often than the play store. I am becoming jaded with google and don't particularly miss their apps, though I know that is a huge negative for some. I was able to download all the apps I use save for 3: onedrive, xbox music, and foursquare. The only one I really miss is onedrive and I hope that comes over soon. I have really enjoyed amazon's music app and this has replaced xbox music largely for me as it can sync with my whole cloud collection and does it seemlessly. So overall, I think the app store will continue to grow, it will lag google play and ios store, but I think it will not lag by too much and honestly it has the main apps you need. Some of the things that bother me: The built in music app is very cool with lyrics, but the tiles for the albums are way too big and it is harder to browse your albums due to the inefficient use of screen sapce, also its search function doesn't routinely search all my cloud songs and it doesn't sync with amazon's prime content. I think this is disappointing and an oversight on their part. I suspect this will be updated, but it is a bad start for this app. Also I think the syncing with amazon cloud needs to be more robust. There is no way to send email attachments, be they images or documents to the cloud that I can discern and tech support wasn't able to help me there. This is something that needs to be fixed. a couple other random comments: *Mayday is very slick and impressive. I think it is an innovation in tech support *the swivel gestures and others work for me nearly 100% of the time and I actually like them. They are very useful for one hand use of phone *it syncs exceptionally well with all of amazon's ecosystem, of which I am a heavy user, one of the reasons I went with this phone Overall, I think this is a well made and well designed phone that can become a great phone with some conscientious work by amazon over the coming months. I get the impression they are invested in this phone and am looking forward in them continuing to improve it over the coming months.
Overall Happy With It I went from an old iPhone 3 to this Fire phone and am pretty happy with it. The display is very nice, the phone is bigger than I expected, and the camera is quite impressive! I also find it nice to be able to use it for all the things I have on my Kindle Fire, including the same charger. I had to turn auto-scroll off because I move too much for it's sensitivity. I have also found that the sensitivity for the swivel/tilt has decreased since I've been using the phone (about a month) and I find it nearly impossible now to get the left or right sided menus that way. The battery doesn't last but about two days max, I do leave it on 24/7 tho. Finally, I had to download a free calender app because it woldn't let me use the one that it came with, it would tell me that I needed to create an account, and when I went to do so, it told me one already existed with my information. So I've had some minor frustrations with it, but at least it rings everytime someone calls, which is more than the old iPhone 3 did.
I love this phone! I love this phone. For Kindle owners, using this phone is a breeze! I am still learning about all the nifty little things this phone will do. I was a loyal Blackberry owner for 10+ years. I had a hard time making the switch to a more modern smart phone. I did a lot of research and decided this would be the one for me. I am glad that I did! I would definitely buy this phone again. I want to add that my first Fire phone had to be returned due to an issue with that specific phone. In no way was it an issue with the Fire phone in general. The issues I was having with my first phone are not issues with my second one. Amazon's May Day customer service was excellent and took care of replacing my phone hassle-free! They rock! You can't beat the Amazon May Day - unbeatable. I love all the apps available for this phone. It has been a lot fun getting to know this phone. As I said earlier, if you are a Kindle owner, this phone will be very easy for you to use, if you aren't, be patient. You will soon grow to love all the options. The camera works well and takes great pictures. The dynamic perspective is VERY cool. The ease of uploading and communicating with social media is second to none. I can see, for those who are not used to a Kindle's operating platform, being able to access your apps from several different areas (carousel, side swipe, apps list, etc) it might be a little confusing. Just relax and enjoy that Amazon has made it easy for you to access your "stuff" from anywhere you are in your phone. It's a keeper for sure!
Disappointed I was looking forward to this phone. [removed] The phone looks cool and has some "cool" features, but not that useful. For instance the 3D screen tricks are neat, for about 30 seconds. The big drawbacks are not being able to get apps from google play. Apps that worked great on my old Razr are either not available, or broken in the amazon app store. Also there have been several glitches with the phone. Sometimes the keyboard does not work. A couple times I could not answer the phone because the device response was so slow. The UI is pretty, for sure. And the one handed scrolling is nice, but I'm a little surprised that the built in kindle reader does not respond to it! I thought this would be great because I love my kindle fire. I assumed amazon would knock this out of the park, but they didn't. [edit - I had been upset about the price drop after me paying full price. But support helped me get a refund for the difference. I bumped this review by one star. Gotta say thanks to the very efficient support team! ]
Trying out new fire phone but now new to android os Trying out new fire phone but now new to android os. I liked my fire phone but I hope one day I can installs Mozilla Firefox from app store when available. I know google chrome and i.e. may never happen since Microsoft and Google has there own phone. I handle all my shopping and personal business on my phone. Silk browser is fine for now.
I actually own this phone I actually own this phone, I also have a Galaxy S5. The picture quality on the Fire is by far better than the Galaxy. It has every app that I use on my Galaxy. The difference is that the apps on the Fire don't burn up battery throughout the day even when you're not playing them. Amazon's gotten a bad wrap on this phone mainly because they've allowed people who don't own this phone to give reviews. The Fire is so much more creatively advanced then any other phone out there, even the iPhone 6 (bracing for verbal assault from the Apple loyalists). If you aren't married to one manufacturer then I would highly recommend this phone. You won't be disappointed. Keep fighting the fight Amazon, just like with the Kindle. ***Update**** I've now owned this hone for almost 3 months now and it continues to be a great phone. I use it all day and the battery never gets below 50%. The apps may not be everything google has but they have a lot and most are really good. I haven't had any issues with it at all. Again, if you're not partial to a specific manufacturer or to google play or iTunes then you won't be disappointed with this phone. Overall it's a great phone 3 months in. It's just disappointing that the reviews were hacked by green peace over an article from an under-informed journalist about energy choices of Amazon for there cloud storage.
Stop being negative!! It's the way it's suppose to function. Everyone tries to compare it to other Android market phones. Cannot and cannot complain about the fact it does not have the Google app store. News flash, this is built to work with Amazon's apps, NOT Google app store! If you really want certain apps, that Amazon does not have, you can simply put it on, just have to change settings to accept non Amazon approved apps. There were couple apps I wanted and went that route. Took me all of five minutes to get the apps that Amazon does not have. It's a good phone. A good one for those that have kindle fire experience or need a simple phone, want some of the features the more complicated ones out there! Bonus the year free of prime!!
I am very satisifed with my Fire phone I think amazon should delete all reviews before Aug 1 to give the phone an even chance. It apperars those early reviewers did not investigate what they were getting. Folks, this is not an iphone. This is a different phone and I love it. Have had it several weeks now. Have been a long term iphone user. The iphone was new at one time and no one seems to remember the problems it had. They did not have all the apps that they have now, that takes time and I'm sure Amazon will build up it's apps over time. I have not had any issues with the battery life and only for the first 2 days did my fire phone get hot. Yes, I miss some of the apps that I had with my iphone but others things about this phone outweigh that. I thought long and hard and did investigate both (Fire and Iphone) before switching. There were many pros and cons for both. I guess the deciding factor was that I know Amazon is still very customer focused and I feel that Apple is now more money focused. I have a Kindle and have been very satisfied with it. Yes, I am a prime member also. The free year did not win me over because I would have paid for that anyway. I decided (much to my family and friend's shock) to take a chance on the Fire phone and I am very glad I did.
Great phone, Smooth system. Smooth running system, took a little time to get used to because it doesn't operate like previous Android systems. I think I like the differences though. I Like that it also came with a year subscription to Amazon Prime.
This Phone is on Fire!!! I love my fire phone. I brought it on a cruise last week and the pictures and videos are awesome! The side button to activate camera came in handy, used it a lot. I had the same problem with the screen protector, I just customized it to not cover the camera lens and everything was fine ( small issue). I did my research before deciding to buy phone, so I knew that google play was not included. All of these complaints about google play is uncalled for. All the tech experts said if you are a google play fan this phone is not for you. It amazes me how people have short term memory concerning problems that arise with a new cell phone technology, one big time cell company had several major glitches. I love that my kindle paperwhite and fire phone are in sync with each other I can resume reading where I left off. I will take the next few days to learn more about my fire phone, because I received my phone a day before my vacation. Mayday button is wonderful. Amazon is a great company and will solve any problems that arises with the fire phone.
I have had it for a few weeks now and so far have been very happy with it When I went into the AT&T store to replace my old basic phone, I was planning to just get another basic phone so that I could continue to make calls and text. I was offered the Amazon Fire as an alternative. I have had it for a few weeks now and so far have been very happy with it. It does all that I need it to do. I actually am surprised at how much I like it because I am an Apple product girl through and through. I have not had an iPhone, but have been an iPad/iPod Touch user for years. I have found the Fire to be as easy to use as my Apple products. I have not had any problems or disruption of service. The only downside is that there are not as many apps available for the Fire as there are for my iPad. But, I still have that, so I am just fine.
Environmentalist Irony DISCLAIMER: I do not own this phone. I am only giving this 5 stars to balance out the spam reviews. It is ironic and funny that these environmentals spamming the reviews of this phone with their environmentalist views are causing Amazon to consume more of the very same energy they are decrying. It DOES take more energy to host and serve these reviews. You do know that, right? To the environmentalist spammers: Reduction of the impact of human activity on our planet is certainly an admirable goal, but spamming Amazon's reviews will probably do nothing more than get your reviews taken down. The review section of Amazon is not your personal soap box, and I really doubt Jeff Bezos is going to end up reading any of these. If you want to send a message to Jeff Bezos about dirty energy usage, I would recommend you actually find some contact information for the corporate office of Amazon and send messages there.
A solid first attempt I think people need to take a deep breath and stop trying to compare this phone to flagship phones from the likes of Samsung and Apple. Considering this is Amazon's first phone it's shockingly good. I've had WAY worse android phones, and in many ways this phone smokes the iphone 4s it replaced. For $199 it really was a stretch, at that price the galaxy would win just because amazon felt the need to stick their own OS on the fire phone. For $0.99 the fire phone is real contender. Pros: - great screen - more than enough power - stable - decent battery life (not too hot when you start watching movies though) Cons: FIRE OS - Maps can't search to save its life. IF you know the address, I actually prefer it to google maps, easier alternate routes and the voice guidance actually has nice features (I like it when gps guidance tells me "Exit on random street west and in two miles turn right on another road" rather than ONLY telling my the current step in the route). - you'll either learn how to sideload or you'll learn to live without most useful apps. - it feels cheap. If an iPhone 4s felt like a BMW, and the samsung feels more like an audi, this fire phone is a base model corolla... with cloth seats. The thin plastic ridge around the screen is 90% of the "cheap" in my opinion, I actually like the rubberized plastic back quite a bit. The plastic is hard, just tall enough to be obvious, but just small enough to feel like it's only noticeable because it was built to loose tolerances. Like the gap between a car body and the door. It's not so bad as to be uneven, but it IS larger than it should be. If it were metal and wider (or flush with the screen, either would work) this phone would feel twice as expensive. - The speaker is useless. Seriously try watching a movie or listening to music without headphones, it's muddy and annoying. Long story short, it nails most of the core functionality but lacks polish. I expect the second iteration to be a home run.
I love my Amazon Fire I love my Amazon Fire. I had been so loyal to Apple and I Phones in the past, but needed something updated and new. I love it! The fact that it uses Fossil Fuels, like coal and gas which keeps millions of people employed makes me love it even more. Love the apps, camera, and all features. So glad I purchased this device!
Real Review I really actually DO like my new phone. I've read tons of terrible ratings on this phone and decided i would give it a try anyway. Before this, I was an iPhone user and BORED. No new updates really from each model to each model. I wanted to try something new since I'm not a religious Apple user. Here's what I have to say: I think if Amazon continues to release software updates etc JUST LIKE THEY HAVE FOR THE iPHONE, this phone could get to a place where everyone will be happy. When I first got the phone out of the box, the new software wasn't downloaded (as what happens with Apple still, etc.), but I couldn't double click to close open apps like in my iPhone even though the Help section said I could and I couldn't get out of Apps (since there it no back button), BUT after the update, I can do all of that. To back out of something, I just had to swipe down. No, not every app is available but the guys at the AT&T store said you can get any app if you just type the app name and .apk after it and download it on your device. I'm not an avid app user so that doesn't really matter to me : I have Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, GoodReads, Flickster, Firefly, (some games I had on my iPhone), YouTube, Flashlight, Netflix, WWE, Spotify, and most importantly my KINDLE (eBooks). PROS: Screen Shots are still available, just hold the Volume down button and power button. The Lock Screen backgrounds are captivating. Really awesome. Having Firefly is amazing : You can scan music playing and it pops up with lyrics, the sing to buy, album, concerts and for movies, imdb info, actors, etc. When reading an eBook you can swipe to the right to bring up window that shows Who Characters Are which is awesome and an easy swipe back. The cameras are nice and I take A LOT of pictures Mayday help is really convenient.. someone just pops up on your screen (they can't see you) to help you with phone functionality. Stylish sleek phone with super crisp screens. Cons: The battery life could be improved (the software update helped), it's just a very vivid phone so if you're using everything it has to offer, you're going to eat up battery. I always charge my phone midday at work so it doesn't bother me, but I would like to see it improved. I would like the option of a back button or an app back button on things so I could either swipe down or back button things. Changing my background photo on my phone (not lock screen). Can that be done? Haven't figured it out yet. Not all apps are here yet. It's new, so they should work on it. The main ones though are so it's fine for me for now. Take this review for what it is, but I'm keeping my phone. I'm tired of my iPhone and this seems like a really good fit for me being an avid reader.
I just love my Fire phone I just love my Fire phone! I previously had the iphone 4. The battery lasts and lasts and lasts! The only downside I have experienced is not being able to get google apps. I liked this phone so much that I bought one for my son! Compared to the iPhone 4 I really love the Fire so much more and I didn't think I would as I was an iPhone loyal person!
This phone gets worse the longer I have it :( This is an update to my previous review (See below). Everything still applies from before; however, this phone is getting worse the longer I have it (which has only been 1.5 months at this point - Oct 18). And, unfortunately, since I bought it through ATT and did not call them to exchange it for something else until 21 days after receiving the phone (a week outside of the 14 day return) I am stuck with this POS for the next 2 years. I feel like I have just been had by one of the few large companies in whom I still had faith. Shame on you Amazon for putting out this glitchy POS before it was ready for market, shame on you for not pulling back and notifying your customers as soon as the writing was on the wall that this phone was a dud, and shame on you for not proactively compensating your loyal customers who followed you down this endeavor by refunding or replacing this infuriatingly useless device. Initial review follows: This phone feels like an okay beta version of something that may be a wonderful device to come. Otherwise, I am going to defer to the review by Amity Lee "Amity" because this reviewer spoke to everything I have been feeling as if they had a wire tap in my mind. "I wanted to love my Fire Phone. I really love Amazon and my kindle software, and they made it a bargain. Who could resist a year of prime on top of the rest? When at last it arrived, that sleek black box was a pleasure to unwrap. The phone felt good in my hand, sturdy, well made. I used it as a phone -- wow, good sound, much better than many of the cell phones I've used in the past. Score. I played with the dynamic perspective -- how nifty. I tried changing the backgound and here was my first disapointment -- a lot of them are dim, even bordering on creepy. Clearly time and effort was spent on choosing them, but they felt like Uncle Fester's last minute IT assignment. I finally chose one that bugged me the least. As my 9 year old said the first time he saw one, "Cool!" and then the next day, "that gets kind of annoying." I moved forward, and loaded my email app, gmail, without a problem. I thought "Smartphones are pretty useful!" and felt reassured in my decision. Then I started looking for other apps I've used on my android tablet, and I came up empty on the Amazon app store. Huh. I thought "no big deal, I can live without that app" and I searched for something else and thought "and that app too." Finally I realized a lot of google apps were off limits, and I had to rethink what I could do. It felt like a big step backward. I found solace in streaming a song from my Amazon Music and opening up my current book using the kindle software. Better. Yes, reading was lovely. I took a picture and identified something instantly with Firefly -- nothing tricky, but it was fast. That was kind of fun. I never plan on using my phone to buy anything, however, so not that much fun. I used the apps i was able to install, and I found myself befuddled a number of times. There's no software back button support. Some apps have a working back button within them, but not all, and there were times I felt trapped in whatever I was using, like Gretel after the breadcrumbs were eaten. Swiping was supposed to help, as was flicking your wrist, but the responses were inconsistent. I thought I was fumbly and inept until I shared my phone with an IT pro and he also found that there were times where he'd flick his wrist 3 or 4 times without success. You'd feel so frustrated you'd want to start shaking it uncontrollably, then fling it into the wall. I loved catching him in those moments, our frustration shared. Navigation that was effortless on an android tablet became convoluted and difficult. MANY things that felt effortless on a full blown android were obscured or disabled. A phrase swirled in my head, "you can't get there from here." The low point came when I was showing off my new phone at work to extol the virtues of my new Amazon Fire. Flick fail. Swipe fail. Firefly fail. I could at least show the dynamic perspective with my lock screen, and they gazed politely. They tried the swipes and flicks, and sometimes they worked. Overall though, I think I solidified their loyalty to their current iPhone or Android. Sigh. I had my Fire Phone two more demoralizing days, and gave up. What I thought at first was unhappiness due to unrealistic expections of having a smartphone, I came to realize was unhappiness based upon the comparison of my phone to my android tablet. It's just not as good. The Fire Phone is pretty and well made, but the software is crippled and the experience disappointing."
The perfect phone for Kindle lovers! I've been waiting to write a review about the new Amazon Fire phone until I really had a chance to try it out for a while and see how I like it. I've had this phone for a little over a month now, and I have to say I've never liked another phone better! I switched from an iPhone 4, but other than liking iTunes setup on my computer, I was never really thrilled with that phone. Now I will also gladly admit that I'm not someone that have dozens of apps. I never have as I'm just not into that sort of thing. I mostly use my phone for email, internet browsing, facebook, and some texting. What I LOVE about the Fire phone is that it is JUST like my Kindle Fire - and I've grown to really like and enjoy that as I've used it as well. So if you are dead set on what you use from the apple store or you're hardcore about google play, then no, you probably won't care too much for this phone. As all Kindle users know, Amazon's available apps are not from either of those - they have their own. I easily replaced the few apps I used the most with comparable (or better) ones on my Fire phone. I also really like the dynamic screen - it's the one thing my kids really like messing with too!
Fire Phone is a big disappointment: too expensive for its Mid Technical Parameters, Limited Apps, etc. Fire Phone is a big disappointment. Here are the main issues Ive faced: - The device costs as iPhone 5S and Samsung Galaxy S5, but its technical parameters are 30% lower. - My initial experience: I paid for it $649 taking it without a plan because I travel a lot and I need to change SIMs. Eventually, I discovered that "Without a plan" doesn't mean unlocked (which is the case with Apple iPhone). So, I had to ask a friend with AT&T plan to request AT&T for the unlock code. That was very, very annoying and why the hell I had to go through this if I can get the code for free? - FireOS. It is cool, BUT it doesnt work with Google PlayStore and at the same time Amazon Appstore supports a lot less apps than PlayStore. So, if I need an app, I have to download .apk from PlayStore on my PC, move it to my FirePhone and install it. Why do I have to do all this? It would be much easier simply Amazon to give access to PlayStore - Google Apps such as Drive, Youtube, gmail etc are restricted for FirePhone and I still dont find a way to find a workaround. THIS IS VERY ANNOING. I use Google apps a lot and I dont see reason Amazon to keep me away from them. Even Apple (who hate Google bit time) gave access to Google. - There is no notification for Viber and Whatsapp messages on the top of the screen. Thus, I cant see if someone has written me a message. - PROS: good battery life, very good camera and this 3D stuff is nice. Overall, FirePhone is a flop and I consider this purchase as a mistake. I will never ever buy Amazon FirePhone unless Amazon change it drastically. The only reason not to return the phone is that right now I am not in the States and the shipping cost is too high.
Thank you Amazon! I purchased the new Fire phone as a loyal Amazon customer. I've been very happy with my Kindle Fire and I wanted the same first class technology. Also, the Fire phone allows me to bring my Amazon entertainment content with me (movies, music, games). As a disclaimer, I also have the Fire TV, Kindle ereader and Fire tablet. The 3D technology is pretty cool and I've been playing the Saber's Edge game constantly (I'm addicted to this game). My favorite feature is the camera. I have a new baby and the pics have been amazing. The Prime Music benefit has been a surprised highlight as well. I'm able to play classical or children's playlist for my son and rock music for my workouts. I typically just use my phone for camera, GPS, e-mail, web searches, music, games, calls and texts so I've been very happy with my purchase. As a side note, I was already an AT&T customer so I purchased the phone instead of upgrading or "NEXT" or 2 yr contract. My phone bill stayed the same.
Great phone minor glitches. Bye Bye iphone Ok. So I have been a faithful Apple customer and have had an iPhone since 2007 when they first came out. I have an apple TV, ipods, and ipads as well. I have all of these devices linked together, so when it came time to upgrade my phone, switching to something else was a big deal. I had been bored with the iPhone and I have been a huge fan of Amazon for some time which made me very eager to try the Fire Phone. I have had the phone for almost a month now and have been for the most part very pleased. Its a beautiful phone, very sleek and elegant. You can see how well its made, I am very impressed. The operating system to me was a good medium between the IOS I have been used to and the android system I had no idea how to use. I was also quite impressed how days after I had gotten the phone and was not happy with the battery life, a software update was released to help and improve this. It really made a difference for me. The only complaints I have with my Fire phone is that when I use the quick launch camera button there are times when the camera loads but you have no display. Why have a quick launch button to capture a moment and the camera fails. This "loading" issue has also happened with my keyboard. I had been typing in my search engine when a call came in, when I went back to the browser the keyboard was missing but if I pushed down it was still typing. I had to restart my phone for the keyboard to come back. Aside from these randomly glitches, the Fire phone is a very well made phone that has so much potential to be one of the best smart phones out there. I think a little more time sorting out the software bugs will make me stick with amazon. Also, google apps would be nice!
Great Phone, No Google I switched to an Amazon Fire Phone from an iPhone. I was an Apple fan for 8 years. I still love them and use my iPod Touch. I just needed a change, but I didn't like most androids. This was a great in between. With 32GB, I was excited about having much more music on there since I didn't need too many apps. I do have a few beefs. 1. When I played music before putting my entire music folder on there, the battery was pretty average. I can have it for a day or longer if I didn't really use it. At most, it lasted a day and a half The music app kills the phone now in a very short amount of time. It lasts about half a day now. 2. No Google. At all. You can download it through there non-amazon app, but it seems like it's such a process and I haven't had the time with life and work. I've had the phone for 2 months and I still haven't done it. Honestly, if it supported Google, it would be 5 stars and I would never leave. 3. Bing. 4. No Starbucks app. I do LOVE the phone. 1. The camera is sick. The ability to change anything about the picture, add memes, stickers, and texts without an outside app is beyond awesome. 2. I can only add pictures to texts and messages by putting it on the camera roll. Life and work has kept me from figuring out how to go through all the picures, in their folders without it yet. 3. The cloud allows all of the pictures and videos to be accessed without taking up space... which is good if taking that space eats the battery as quickly as the music does. 4. Prime is amazing and addictive. With an extra year added on to my account, I'm a happy girl.
Something different from the iPhone or run of the mill droid I'm pretty used to iphone and my galaxy tablet so it looked like this would be fun and exciting. I've had it a week now and I'm still glad I bought it. I admit, the free year of prime was the clincher for me. I work long hours and if I need a kitty litter box or a new blender, I don't want to waste my precious time fighting the crowds at the local big box store. I place my order and..Bam! Two days later it's waiting for me on the porch! Not to mention all the shows I can watch for free. The phone pretty much does what my 5s did but I had to download a call blocker and I didn't get to bring my itunes with me. There is supposed to be a way to change the format so you can play them on the fire but we couldn't get it to work for us (still got em on my iPad). The app thing that everybody complains about is not a problem for me because I'm not a big app hound. My bank app, my favorite weather app and others I like to have were available in the Amazon store when I checked during my research before I went and bought it. The firefly is impressive and I like the 3d. The monkey buddy is really cute! Your kids will like it when you need to keep them busy. Get it!
love it. love it. love it. i bought mine from AT&T, not amazon. love it love it. i am a former trac-phone smartphone user. i am an "old fart", never got into apps or anything like that. all i know is everything i use my kindle for, plus email, calendar, text, phone, is right here in my hand. if you know how to utilize your kindle then this is the phone for you. I am totally in the amazon universe (all my music and movies are and have been in the amazon world) and use my kindle exclusively. I was not entrenched in the Apple or Google world.
Ignore the pretentious tech reviewers - this is a great phone. I'm not saying it's perfect but it works wonderfully well and the OS is easy to learn. It's comfortable to hold, feels satisfying in the hand and performs exactly as promised. I am sick to death of the reviewers who bemoan the so-called lack of apps. Who needs 1 million apps anyway? Most of us need only a relatively few. I was able to find most of the apps I used on my IPhone in the Amazon store or find a comparable replacement. This is a phone for regular people - especially those of us who shop unapologetically on Amazon. Again, I am tired of reviewers who complain about the easy access the Fire phone gives to Amazon, as though it were some sort of evil plot. Those same reviewers don't seem the least bit worried about how Goggle is systematically stripping all their personal information and selling it to anyone willing to pay. I have been a fan of Apple products for many years and hesitated to make the switch to the Fire phone. After a few days with the phone, I have to laugh at my reservations. I don't miss the IPhone at all!
Been waiting patiently for this! I am a previous iPhone user, and my second line is a Samsung Note 3. With that being said, I am all things Kindle so I have waited patiently for a Kindle phone. I debated over waiting for a second iteration to be on the safe side. Obviously, I decided not to wait. The Fire worked right out of the box and I only had to wait 2 hours for it to charge to 100%. I liked the tutorial that started right away. Gave me a quick overview of the features. The only problem I had was texting to those that had an iPhone. It still recognized the number as an iMessage so all replies went to my iPad and iPhone (now working as in iPod basically) Finally after hours of searching for a viable solution, I removed the phone number from ITunes, and the iPad. Hopefully, this will help others who make the switch. As for the phone, it fits comfortably in my hand. Since it is smaller than the Note 3 but bigger than the iPhone, I am missing digits when I am typing but that is not the phone's fault. The phone I made was clear on my end and the receiver. For setting up emails, it is very clear which account the email is from because they are color coded. I really like that. Dynamic perspective is impressive! even the screen saver utilizes it. I place the phone on the table and just glance at it to see information. I am testing the battery length and so far so good. I had it off the charger all day yesterday and messed with it. At 9 pm, I still had 45%. In three hours of use, it is still at 88%. As for apps: the only issue I have is there isn't a Vivint app. I knew what I was getting into since I have two kindles. There is nothing that I feel I must have on the fire that the iPhone or Note 3 has. One of the things I love is that I use it to send my Amazon Instant Video to the Fire TV. I will continue to update since this is only day two of having the Fire Phone. Actually used Mayday for the first time: having trouble setting up voice mail. After he ran me through what I had already, he called ATT to help me. He was very courteous and professional!
Love it or Hate it! It seems the Fire Phone has very little middle ground as far as those who love or hate it. Personally, I love my Fire Phone. I would stress if you are not a Kindle user or fan that you will probably get very frustrated with this phone. There are many complaints by those that do like it where there are ways to relieve their headaches. Also, many of the complaints are not hardware related and therefore can be updated in software version releases. I love the seamless release updates after locked-up iOS release after release! Sync is a breeze compared to my iPhone or Galaxy experience! The early reviews about lack of apps should really be disregarded. The apps everyone loves and lives by are coming fast and furious! Also comments about the large icon homepage is not the only option. You can create folders and use as your homepage. Prime ~ Amazon Prime is the gift that keeps on giving. I actually had a full Prime subscription prior to purchasing the phone and thought it was great but I thought even more of it with my phone. I will say some must haves to save you a lot of frustration is ES File Explorer and Clean Master. I will say I have yet to find a decent ringtone or wallpaper app but that could be my lack of really searching. I have never run into problems with short battery life that some others mention. Tell me what other phone has a Mayday service. I have used 3 times with all issues resolved within 3-5 minutes. I do wish Otterbox would get in the game! I have to say, to date, Fire Phone had been my favorite!
Don't buy this one! Cloud storage should be run with 100% renewable energy. This device does not meet this criteria, not even close, it is therefore going to contribute to massive increases in global warming and pollution through the burning of fossil fuels. For the sake of our planet and our children I would not recommend this gadget!
It works for me, Just because it doesn't for you, doesn't make it a bad phone. OK, seeing a lot of stuff that is negative so I thought I would take a minute. Simple to use. Mayday is AWESOME Amazon prime for a year? FANTASTIC- I am paying for my phone by watching free video and getting free shipping...oh and free music. Worth the cost. Phone has worked great and when it doesn't, support fixes it quick. Try calling Verizon and getting good tech support quickly, Oh yeah that is why I fired them. Best phone for me. I don't need apps that my Kindle Fire doesn't run and I don't need all the goo gas that the I phone thinks are needed. Love it.
Nice Phone. Nice features. Great deal. Really like this phone. No annoying AT&T apps. Does everything I need it to do. Update: Phones' game features are really nice with the dynamic perspective. Collections can be added to phone, in contrast to what others reviewers stated. Phone is fast and smooth and battery life is far better than my previous androids. Phone battery last much longer than my other phones in standby. Phone message function very nice and easy to use. Back button is handy and easy to use. I prefer not to use the swivel function, it is too sensitive. Phone does get warm during use, but not horrible. Not the app selection that android has but there is plenty useful apps available. Update Battery @ 100%: Talk 7 hrs using 4G Internet 3.5 hrs, much longer when using wifi 3D games 2.1 hours GPS 1.5 hours Radio 8 hrs Nice feature Update: I believe most phones have this now but the emergency warning feature went off before the tornado sirens during a recent storm.
Great phone for the price So far this phone is an excellent device. It is a significant upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy S3. The operating system on the phone is very easy to use, and since it mirrors Kindle tablets it is fairly easy to find everything. On the galaxy there were features that I never was able to use because they were so difficult to find. The Fire phone has plenty of features that jump out of you, including Firefly, an easy to use camera, and commands that appear by shaking or twisting the phone. The dynamic cameraS and changing perspective effects on the screen are unbelievable. I have never seen something like this before, and it is really something interesting to see. Video clarity on the phone is outstanding. This is a well-built phone, it feels solid in hand. My AT&T service is significantly better than the Verizon service that I previously had. Coverage seems to be more robust, and I am not dropping calls in my home anymore. Obviously, the ease of integration with the Amazon store is a huge selling point if you are a Prime customer. Some problematic areas: the carousel on the phone makes it difficult to find recently used apps and other items. Sometimes you have to scroll quite a bit to find things that you want to be able to find easily. I know there are shortcuts to find various apps and media, and I will use those overtime. In addition, I still wish the Amazon app store was more robust. However, I have sideloaded several of my favorite Google applications into the phone. Some of the hand gestures to activate features don't always work. I don't know if its me or the phone, but I typically us the menus so it is more of an annoyance. Finally, I'm not a big fan of the included earbuds. They are hard without a soft cover, and they don't fit my ear very well. I've read that others like them, but I can take them or leave them. There is no such thing as a perfect cell phone, but this phone far exceeds my expectations. And, at the reduced price plus an additional year of Prime (which is a $99 value), it is a steal. It feels solid, has great graphics, and the call sounds are clear, and AT&T has been great so far in their service.
Like a Kindle Fire. . . yet more, more, more This phone is a Kindle Fire that does calls and text. If you love your Kindle you will love this phone. If you know how to use your Kindle Fire this phone will be intuitively simple for you to understand and operate. If you already own a smartphone or you're not yet part of the Amazon universe then you may find this phone too Amazonian. Many of the honest negative reviews criticize that the phone is too narrowly focused on the Amazon market, excluding cross-platform content available on other smartphones. This is not a bad thing if you are invested in Amazon apps and media because everything from the cloud is available for download into your phone. If you've been buying from the Google Play Store or ITunes for years you may be upset at first. Amazon has made a huge advertising push for the Firefly, Mayday, and Dynamic Perspective features. These things are neat, but not selling points. So I feel that the hype makes these really cool features seem underwhelming. Comparison by specs puts this phone above other phones of its class.
BRING THE FIRE PHONE BACK! I BEG YOU! I really wish you guys would make a second phone. I have loved this phone dearly, everything about it! Amazon prime makes this a gem! Movies whenever, so much music for free... I always find an artist I forgot I downloaded! So far I have purchased the 32 gb and now the 64 gb. I broke the first one... BUT I dropped it hundreds of times, twice off a second story building, in a puddle (rice brought it back!), on tile floor many many times.. and finally it died in the toilet. I loved this phone so much I had to buy a second phone! Even though it only has the Amazon App store.. it takes like 20 minutes to get the Google Play store loaded. The price was amazing! When I bought the second phone, I was able to get it off Ebay since you guys DROPPED THIS MAGICAL DEVICE! But in the end, I was still happy! I got the 64 gb for $140.00 with the Amazon Prime membership for a year. I especially love the Firefly feature, everytime I hear or watch something I need to remember..BOOM.. DONE. Or if I have a business card and need to add a contact... BOOM! Please, change your mind and bring the phone back!
Not as bad as people say it is Alright, so I'm going to review this phone as honestly as I can. Before this, I was a Wal-Mart phone guy. I had T-Mobile, and never owned a phone that cost more then $100. Most of them cost about $50. I figured that I am doing well enough financially to get an expensive phone, and I love Amazon, so I got the Amazon Fire phone. So that is the angle I am coming from. So let's begin with the biggest issue I see about the Amazon Fire on other people's reviews. This being the battery. The positive and negative reviews about it are pretty much all true. When not at the house I use my phone as a pretty basic thing. I take calls on it, txt people, check Facebook now and then, and instragram a few photos. This doesn't do much to the battery and it will easily last me all day. When I get into using apps however, the battery really starts to drain. Naturally apps will drain any battery, but the Fire is very prominent. Luckily I found to curve this I use an Battery app that tells me when an app is draining my battery and lets me close it. Next, a big thing is Dynamic Perspective. This is sadly one of those neat for a day things. When I first turned my Fire on and saw it I was like "Now this is cool and inventive" About 6 hours later I had disabled it. It is one of those features that is there, and doesn't really give or take to the overall phone. I think in the future that dynamic perspective may take off once it is more refined, for now though it's just a neat addition. Now there are features where if you tilt the phone to the right one menu comes up, to the left another, and swirling it makes the notifications show up. It's not a part of dynamic perspective but I do find myself using these features all the time. Now I suppose we can go onto the phone itself. The OS and interface is between the basic Android phone and the Kindle Fire tablet. It takes parts of both and puts them together. It flows easily, I have no issue navigating it. The amazon appstore has a lot of apps I use and don't really have any issues with it. Many complain it can't connect to the google play store, but that has not bothered me at all. This may be just me using Windows phones before this, which have terrible app support. Also all my music I buy through Amazon anyways so that made it easy for me. The build is durable from what I can tell. I bought a case just as a precaution. I have not dropped it, and don't plan to drop it to test it, but if I do drop it, I'll update this part. The camera is a nice 13mp with back and front facing cameras. It takes good pics. Honestly at first I had some issues with it. The camera would take forever to turn on, or it wouldn't turn on at all. It lasted about a day, and now it loads as soon as I press the button. Not sure what was up with that. So all in all, not a bad phone. Some areas it could be improved in, but I am enjoying it. Overall I would recommend it.
Before Anyone looks at the 1-star reviews. First Disclaimer: I do not own this phone. I have tested it a few times for performance and design and I have to say, for the first phone, Amazon has done a great job. Though it could do some update and get more apps ( a similar problem Windows phones face). Certain problems that occur are the glitches involving the firefly app and just overall small glitches involving the basic tasks from time to time. Though the main point of the review is this I find it absolutely absurd how many stupid idiotic one-star "reviews" have been put on this phone. I thought it was very odd how such a descent phone has been put with this image. So I did some investigation. 99.99999% of the one star reviews are some bulls*** about some stupid "environmentalist" nonsense. I do not know if Amazon may be using coal to power its servers, but that is not to be discussed about this phone. I am also certainly not saying "screw the environment" because I believe global warming is humanity's #1 concern. But, this is the ABSOLUTE most hideously disrespectful way of sending a message. Those of you who have done this, you are bigger, dirtier piles of waste.
I love the phone I love the phone, no clue why everyone is hating on it except maybe the battery life. The OS is refreshing, different than the boring and old jelly bean and ios. Awesome speakers, great mids and decent highs and lows, but for a phone, amazing. If you use amazon regularly then this thing is even more helpful, it tells you when your package is shipped and when its delivered, I like dynamic perspective. Although the one action required to bring down the toolbar can be a pain in the ass to get but all together this phone is new, not the same recycled bs from apple. Can't speak for Android but apple's iphones are a joke. I switched to this and love it. I will say getting Imessage to drop my phone number was a pain. All around great phone.
Switched From iPhone 4S After Two Years Bought my 32GB Fire Phone in person from an authorized AT&T dealer. I've used an iPhone 4S for the last two years and I must say I had no problems with it, it was reliable and there wasn't anything in particular that I didn't like about it. After using some of my friend's iPhones from generations 5 and 6 I just felt bored with them...let it be known that I'm not that big into using a ton of apps. I have a core group of five or six applications that I like to have on my phone and beyond that as long as calling, texting, and email functionality are good then I'm for the most part satisfied. My old mobile device was nearly 6 months past due for an upgrade when the $0.99 price point for the $650 Fire Phone finally convinced me it was time. I had read through what seemed like hundreds of reviews of the Fire Phone from people who either hated it or loved it, really nothing in between so they weren't very helpful...but I decided that for $0.99 what did I really have to lose, I was just going to go for it! I have had the Fire Phone for two weeks now and I am very pleased. Many of the complaints from other reviews I came across like difficult navigation, poor battery life, and lack of control over how to organize your apps seem to have been fixed with Amazon's first FireOS update which came very soon after hearing the feedback which tells me that the company is committed to continually improving the phone through updates (definitely a plus!) The phone is a very comfortable size, it feels sturdy, and it is very quick and responsive so far. Call quality is good, texting feels natural and very comparable to many of the devices in the market today with the added option to use Swipe if you like. Some of the one-handed gesture navigation tools take some getting used to but they make using your phone with only one hand easy and appealing. App selection through Amazon's Appstore is limited compared to Google and Apple undoubtedly but you have the option to turn on a setting which allows you to "Download Apps From Unknown Sources" which then gives you to access the rest of the Android market. I like all of the apps that came pre-loaded on the phone, and for stuff I couldn't find (like the app for my bank) I was able to use Silk web browser to go to the mobile website so really no loss in accessibility for me. The Dynamic Perspective and Firefly features are really what set this phone apart, and while they are still new and somewhat raw I can definitely see exciting potential for future development and I fully expect Amazon to stand behind it's product and push those technologies towards new and innovative uses. The dynamic perspective can become annoying after a while if you are not playing any of the games that use it, but there is an option to turn it off if it starts to make you feel seasick. Oh, and of course I have to mention that you get a full year of Amazon Prime for free so you essentially get paid $100 to buy this phone if you go with the $0.99 promotion, can't beat that. All in all I think this is a very cool phone with tons of upside and I would definitely recommend trying it if you are someone willing to break away from the norm.
Clean/Dirty Energy Debate: Do some actual reading before posting uninformed reviews Apple uses 100% renewable energy for their data centers??? Really??? In what planet??? PSA: they're committed to using 100% renewable "clean" energy, which is not the same as they using 0 (zero) dirty energy. I'm only writing this because it's unfair to make uninformed judgments on a company like this on an issue separate from the product. Sure, Amazon should commit to using more renewable energy, but it's not fair to say companies like Apple use 100% renewable (or clean) energy. Read the report to find out more about data centers and the energy they use. http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/Global/usa/planet3/PDFs/clickingclean.pdf
Okay, but not totally there. I got the phone locally, and I have to say it is nice but not perfect. I disabled dynamics right away however The lack of a star is from a few things, 1. Notifications go to carousel, keeping up with things like kik are hard when notifications go nowhere and do NOT show up on the lockscreen, its not like normal android were apps that are logged show idle in status bar with "x new messages, etc" you get notif once....or never again from what Ive experienced and i get notifs WHILE i am already IN the app talking to the person. 2. Customization, you could use a image 10x the res of this phone for the lockscreen and it will never look crisp it gets super compressed for no good reason. Also, no wallpaper, no way to nuke carousel, seriously? this is a phone...yet... yeah forget personalization. Lack of apps can be fixed with something like apps.evozi and play.google.com to get legit up-to-date apps and aptoide helps with keeping things sorta up to date. The amazon appstore is a joke, its half of what is truly on there and forget trying to use custom launchers, you will have a black background and no widgets. So really its like an android based iOS if you want to look at it. For now, 99 cents for what it is? Sure. Once amazon updates it adds more features and fixes it or theres finally custom roms (which its barren on xda) avoid this phone if you want the 360 degrees of freedom android gives you.
This is a GREAT smart phone. I just don't get all the negative reviews, truly I don't. I LOVE THIS THING. It's a GREAT phone, I love the gadgets (you don't have to use 'em but they are easy). I like the size, the heft, the speed, it's a great device and that's a fact. Buy it for .99 when you upgrade your phone on ATT. That's what I did and it worked out very well, thank you so much. Pay little heed to the naysayers you phone folk. You'll love it just as I do.
A Great Smartphone The Amazon Fire phone is impressive given that it is Amazon's first iteration in the smartphone market. The voice recognition beats the Galaxy S3 that I had easily. The navigation is excellent in that it tells me to keep to the right or keep to the left much earlier than the S3 did. The Firefly feature is pretty amazing as well with it's recognition of bar codes, QR codes, phone numbers, etc. It has most of the apps I would want available in the appstore. The Prime benefit is truly icing on the cake. I also love the synchronization with my Kindle Fire and with Audible. The biggest drawback for me coming from having had an Android phone is the lack of a dedicated back button. To go back, you swipe up which can take some getting used to. The biggest problem with that is when you zoom in a Facebook photo, because you may have to swipe up two or three times to get it to go back. Using fingernails seems to work best. Other than that in future versions, I would like to see a bigger display and a removable battery. Overall though, it's a great smartphone.
I like the phone very much except for one or two ... I bought the Fire Phone because it was time to upgrade my wife's Nokia and the price was irresistible. Overall, I like the phone very much except for one or two things. 1. The email is, to me, missing a very important feature: That is, it removes the email from the server when it collects the email, therefore keeping other devices from collecting the email. My Iphone has a setting to allow it to stay on the server (which is what I need the Fire to do. Because of this I am not (cannot) use the Fire email. Amazon has indicated they will submit this problem to their developers. 2. Many apps do not seem fully functional. By this, I mean, the path through the app is not well laid out. Specifically, some of the apps do not have back buttons when needed and you can only get to a prior page by using the home button. Some of the apps get in a state where you cannot proceed except by deleting them and starting over. There needs to be more back buttons. Also, the Kindle app for reading newspaper does not have an Article List so you cannot scan the newspaper without going through every article. This is implemented in the Fire Kindle and works well, it also works on the Iphone Kindle app but Amazon has recently changed the location of the list so it is not very convenient to use. I also miss the Bank of America App which works on the Kindle Fire but not on the phone. This I do not understand. Otherwise, I like the phone very much. The sound quality is excellent, the screen is wonderful, the device size seems perfect, the sound qualify through the headphones is excellent. I am very happy with the device, I use it almost daily, but, as of yet, it does not replace my Iphone. RW 10/4/14 I've had my FirePhone for about 2 weeks. The voice (phone) quality is excellent. In San Francisco it (sometimes) signs on to the ATT LTE network. With or without the LTE, the download and upload cellular speed is excellent, in the range of 25meg, much better than my Wi-Fi access. Nonetheless, I don't routinely use cellular data as it is not necessary (and will cost more money, of course). The phone is nice to use, the screen is easy to read. The (music) sound quality is excellent, much better than the white buds with my Iphone. I think it is probably more than just the buds, but I can't be sure. I have used the Amazon music service which includes many of my own recordings plus the prime Amazon music. These programs work seamlessly well. Rhapsody mostly works well. I have very long play lists which are slow loading, sometimes the sounds breaks a bit. I do have Rhapsody set on its highest quality level, however. Rhapsody app needs improving as it has to reload the playlists each time you access them. Pandora works very well as does TuneIN Radio. Both work perfectly. Unbelievably, there is no Bank of America App even though there is one for the Kindle Fire. Playing solitare is fun, but there are the horrible, horrible commercials with every deal. I have the same program, same company for my Iphone and it does not have commercials. (I think I paid to have them removed some time in the past, there is no such option for the FirePhone app. This is a very nice phone, I very much recommend it to anyone except for: The email app is still deficient. It does not have the ability to adjust how the message is handled on the mail server. It always erases the message from the server. This is not what I need and I will be glad when they add this ability (as Iphone has). I recognize this probably makes no difference to many users. One more thing, the device is extremely responsive to touch controls and so forth. This is a real relief as my original Kindle Fire device is balky, slow and so forth. RJW
Don't be turned away by negative reviews! I have been an Amazon customer and prime member for over two years now and when I heard about their phone coming out, I was not hesitant to get it. I read negative reviews on every site but being an iPhone and iPad guy for 6 years I figured I'd try something different. So far with two weeks of owning this phone, Amazon hasn't disappointed yet. It has many cool features such as an interactive 3d lock screen, firefly which recognizes a lot of shows, music and objects that takes you to Amazon to buy (very smart on their end), tap and drag keyboard which is very quick and convenient to type and works very well for texting, calls and good sound quality. Yes, it overheats if you're charging it and it's under a pillow or something (learned that last night) but it cooled down after I turned it off, and apps aren't as abundant as they are for Apple. But overall Id give this phone a 4.5 stars. It's not perfect but I am very glad with this purchase. Can't wait for Amazon to come out with their next.
I absolutely love this new smartphone I absolutely love this new smartphone. It's everything I wanted in a smart phone and much, much more. We recently upgraded to the new Amazon Fire smartphone and I'm so glad we did. It's like having a mini-computer with you all the time. We even use it around the house since the WiFi feature connects to the house WiFi and there is no data usage. I never thought I would use a phone in this capacity because I have always been a firm believer in the desktop computer. We even have a laptop, so I didn't think there would be a need for another computer type device. I was wrong. We're actually using the Amazon Fire throughout the day for weather checks, email, games, Facebook, and a myriad of other features. The free prime (2 years for 2 phones) and the streaming music through prime music are other bonuses
Exceeded my expectations. More useful than any other cell phone that I have ever owned Exceeded my expectations I am now starting to wonder why I bought the Kindle HDX, oh wait I got it with the phone. However, I just recently bought a 7"HDX, so now have two. I guess I need to consider giving one or both away for Christmas. But really, this phone is like having a phone and a Kindle all in one. Actually, I don't even take my Kindle with me most of the time. I now listen to my audio books on my Amazon Fire Phone and even read my books when eating out. The only time I do take the Kindle now is when I want to work on my novel when I am out. I added a blue tooth keyboard. But I guess I could 'pair' the keyboard to my phone and use the Office Suite App on the phone. This phone exceeded my expectations - it is a really a "communications Swiss Army Knife"! Best quality of sound that I have had on any other cell phone. At 70 years old, my hearing is not as it used to be but with this phone, I can hear clearly with or without the great Amazon ear phones. Love it, love it, love it!
Amazon sets the bar with the new Fire Phone! Out of the box I loved this phone immediately. Let me say for the record I'm not a fancy phone feature person, in other words I just want a phone that makes it easy to call and send texts. The Fire Phone has changed my mind. Previously I owned the Samsung Galaxy and honestly I wanted to throw it against the wall because I couldn't figure it out. Within minutes I figured out how to put the Netflix app on, set up my email and send out my first text message. For someone who has never seen the need for a fancy phone this was mind blowing. I love taking pictures and the Fire Phone makes them amazing! Again back to my Samsung, it never had that type of quality! An obvious plus to me (since I'm an author and a book worm) is having the phone double as my second Kindle. So far I LOVE THIS PHONE!
Think Twice if Switching from Another Carrier I love everything Amazon, so thought their phone would be the perfect integration of everything. The phone has some really good features, but in the end has more negatives than positives. The "Prime" music has very few albums and songs. They do not have an app for UBER, and as everyone in cities with UBER knows you just have to have that app. The interface is not user friendly at all, you have to flip out sub-menus to do anything. I liked the screen, camera, and Apple should seriously consider buying Amazon's maps because it was my favorite feature. The main reason I returned the phone was because the battery is drained so quickly. I am not a person who uses my phone very much. I had to charge it twice per day. I changed the screen settings and that helped a little bit, but I knew that if it was draining so much brand new that in two years it probably won't even hold a charge for longer than 5 minutes. I had a horrible time switching out phones, because you have to return the Fire phone to Amazon, but you only have 14 days to return the phone to AT&T. Since I had switched over from Verizion, I would have lost my phone number if I didn't buy a new phone and have AT&T port it over to the new phone.
Love it so far I've only had this phone for a day, so I reserve the right to change the star rating if I start to have issues. So, I'm coming from having a Windows 8 phone for the last two years. Before that, I had an HTC Aspire. Those are my smartphone experiences. My daughter has an iPhone 4s, and I am lucky to get the thing turned on. I have a Kindle Fire HDX and the user interface on the phone is similar enough that I can navigate fairly easily. I think I'm going to like the auto-scroll, although at this point, it's still something I need to get used to. I can see it becoming an automatic action though. I had my 6 month old grandson over yesterday so much of my exploration was done with a sleeping baby in my arms. The scroll feature was great for one-handed use. Voice to text worked flawlessly on a couple of text messages I sent. I love the camera and the camera app for editing. Firefly is cool and I have a feeling it will also be something I start to use as the need arises. The dynamic perspective is cool and I hope to have more uses for it as apps become available and such. As far as apps go, I had a bunch already for my HDX and it was nice to have them all available on the cloud for downloading if I wanted. I'm not a huge app user. I would love one for my bank but the one my bank has stinks anyway--not Amazon's fault. Since I am heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem with going on five years as a Prime user, I love that all of my music, video and books are right there ready to use. My only issue was that for a short time yesterday, the phone was heating up a bit. I don't know what that was about and it hasn't happened since. I will keep an eye on that.
The 1, 818 reviews all complaining that Amazon doesn't ... The 1,818 reviews all complaining that Amazon doesn't utilize clean energy for their cloud server doesn't tell me how the phone itself performs. I could give a rat's a$$ what energy Amazon uses to power it's cloud. For that matter all of my relatives work in coal mines so get off your high horses and give an honest review of this phone. I bet none of the 1,818 who gave it 1 star even owns one.
This Phone Rocks!!! What an awesome phone, especially for the price! The graphics are second to none, it is fast and responsive, and sleek and sharp. Compared to even the iPhone 6, this phone blows away the competition. I cannot understand why someone would pay for an iPhone when they are so sub par to this phone. We already owned the Kindle HD and the Fire TV, so getting Fire phones was the natural progression for us, and we also received another year of Prime for free. you just cannot beat that value!
Pros 1) New technology like firefly is very handy in identifying/pricing music First of all, would you hipster morons from Apple stop posting one-star reviews because the phone is "environmentally unfriendly." You are not reviewing the phone at all.. On to the actual phone: Pros 1) New technology like firefly is very handy in identifying/pricing music, TV, etc. 2) Great picture quality with camera 3) Wonderful integration into the Amazon ecosystem 4) Mayday offers great customer service 5) Price = $.99!!! 6) Works excellent as an actual phone 7) Solid build. Cons 1) OS can be a little confusing coming from IOS or ANDROID 2) Specs could be better for a new phone. 3) Mediocre Battery life. 4) Limited Amazon Appstore Overall, i like this this phone a lot and have no regrets leaving my iPhone 4S behind. I do not work for Amazon, but love their convenience and customer service. I feel that most of the negative reviews are because of people being unfamiliar with their OS and the "environmentally unfriendly" claims. Excellent phone with the pros far outweighing the cons.
Lots of Phone in a Nice Package Size I like the looks of the phone. It has a slinder feel, an not over sizes screen. Weight is much favored over other smart phones. Lots of nice apps, more than I would ever use. Weather, GPS, Firefly, Audio Books, etc are my favorites. Note pad is easy to use an get to, while needing to carry a list. I am not much for carry around music but its here an the ear buds are not bad either. Reading is a nice joy with a screen that does not fade away as my last phone did in strong light. Over all I dont dislike the phone other than the one day useage on the battery. If this phone held a charge for more that a day I would have given it 10 stars. Once you get use to the battery its not all that big of a problem. One thing that helps is to turn off WiFi when just reading at home. But then again its a phone primarily. But I rarely use it as a phone, mostly text an email. The battery goes all day but if you dont mind a charge time every day then there is mo problem. Great phone all in all.
Unreliable in the extreme... I wanted to like this phone, I really did. I have owned every Kindle from the original grayscale unit through the fire to the fire 7 inch HDX that I now own. I've never had a problem with any of them! But this phone is too unpredictable for me. You see, I live on the road. I spend three weeks out of every month on the road plying my trade and I cannot do that with an unreliable telecommunications product. This phone freezes up on me on almost a daily basis and I have had to perform five soft reset on this phone in the past two weeks! I do love the mayday system but it's not enough to make up for the Issues this phone has. When I spoke to the AT&T representative about getting a refund I compared this phone to my iPhone. This is perhaps an unfair comparison given that the iPhone has been around for seven years and the fire phone has been around for less than a month. Given enough time, the fire phone might be somewhere near is good as the iPhone but not yet! UPDATE: When I wrote the above review the phone was only exhibiting an annoying tendency toward unreliability. However, since that time this phone has become an absolute nightmare! This phone freezes up a MINIMUM of once a day and the only way to revive it is to reset the unit. The Bluetooth connection keeps dropping out, no matter what device I have it paired with! As I mentioned above, I am constantly on the road which means I never know how to get around and I need the GPS, but with it going silent without any warning I get lost all the time. I cannot believe Amazon would put it's name on a product which is so painfully unprepared for the rigors of everyday use. I feel it necessary to reiterate that I have owned every Kindle that has yet come out and I have NEVER had close to this number of problems with any of them! The iPhone may not offer access to amazon prime (without a special app), feature a sexy 3D display, or expand the limits of consumer spending abilities with a nifty product identification feature, but it has the decency to work all the time!
Five Stars Love the phone. Very user friendly.
Since I'm all things Amazon Prime already, this was ... Since I'm all things Amazon Prime already, this was a no brainer for me. It was completely familiar to me from the start. Intuitive as all get out. Firefly technology blows me away. UPDATE: As time passes - I continue to want my Fire Phone. I really do like how it integrates into the Amazon family of devices. And I've never had one moment's problem with it. Except the severe limitations in access to Android Apps is becoming more than annoying - its becoming a handicap. The world is more and more being run by apps but this access problem doesn't seem to be resolving itself for the Fire Phone.
Finally, a practical alternative to a cluttered market! First, let me say that I am an Amazon fan all around. Ever since I bought my Kindle Fire HDX 7 I've been hooked on the Amazon ecosystem. I would say that I am exactly the type customer that Amazon intended to market this phone for. The Fire Phone is one of the best phones I've ever owned. With the quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM, it's a snappy, quick, phone. Very responsive. The video quality is excellent and it always feels fresh on the 4.7 inch screen. Personally, it feels like 5 inch Kindle Fire with a little more diversity. It's meant for those who are familiar Amazon's OS and ecosystem and works best with a prime Membership. The one flaw I've experienced was with one of the Fire Phone's main selling points. "Dynamic Perspective," while being very cool conceptually, isn't practical and slows the operation of the phone down significantly. So, I just chose to turn it off.. no skin off my back! So, buy it! You won't regret it!
Five Stars Love this phone. Great camera!!
This Has Been The Perfect Phone For Me, From the Day I Got It! I love this phone! I have had Nokia, Ericsson, Motorola, and iPhones. My last cell phone was a Samsung (and my favorite of the bunch) and I was really happy with it. I had it for three years and was about to upgrade to a newer Samsung model when Amazon announced their new cell phone. I have loved the Kindle products - readers and tablets - I have had and after reading about the new Kindle Fire cell phone, I pre-ordered one. I couldn't wait for it to arrive. From the moment I took it out of the box and charged it up, I was delighted and excited about my new phone. The camera is stellar! The apps (which are abundant) for the phone have worked seamlessly. I have had no difficulties placing or receiving calls and the reception is as good as, if not better, than my Samsung. The signal strength varies, as it does on any cell phone, but it has been better than any cell phone I've had previously, including the Samsung. The screen is large and the display is top-quality - it is a pleasure to watch movies, videos, and TV shows. The Facebook, Mail, Instagram, Twitter and other social media apps are easy to use and their design is pleasing to the eye and the mind. The battery life is splendid! I have never had a phone with a battery life even comparable to this one. What a complete joy that has been! The operating system is very user friendly as well as mentally stimulating. The graphics are mind-blowing. The Dynamic Perspective is mesmerizing. The performance of the phone is powerful and fast. Firefly is a blast to use. And having the Mayday feature is reassuring should I ever need it. (The Mayday feature is an excellent way of contacting Amazon Support. I have not had to use it for the phone but I have used it on my tablet. The Mayday feature beats any other way of contacting support personnel - nothing compares.) The Dolby audio is phenomenal! I have no complaints. I'm not saying it is the perfect phone, but it has been the perfect phone for me, from the day I got it. In looking through the reviews, I was blown away by the sheer number of one star reviews. I read many of them and can only conclude Apple devotees have gone to great measures to review-bomb the Amazon Fire Phone. I wonder how many of those individuals have created multiple Amazon accounts expressly for the purpose of review-bombing this product? How very sad that is. The reviews read like "copy and paste" material and I am surprised that Amazon even allows those people to post such "sour-grapes" and infantile reviews. Reviews, which, in fact, are not even reviews of the Amazon Fire Phone, but gripes referring to the environment and other non-product criticism. I strongly recommend the Amazon Fire Phone to anyone who wants a great cell phone! And... it's just plain fun to use! UPDATE 11-30-14: From reading reviews of the Amazon Fire Phone I discovered many of the 1 star reviews were a result of Greenpeace requesting people to post 1 star reviews, en masse. Here is the link to Greenpeace's webpage: http://us.greenpeace.org/site/MessageViewer?dlv_id=0&em_id=43321.0
Don't listen to one star reviews! I never write reviews but wanted to on this. I love my Fire phone! I went from a Samsung Galaxy to my Fire phone and have no regrets. It's easy to use, takes great pictures, the battery makes it through my 12-13 hour shifts without a problem. I didn't think I'd ever use the Mayday button but when I couldn't find a video file I'd downloaded I used that and got great service and saved myself a lot of time. I've used my phone for a month now and have to say it's been my favorite phone.
On Going Honest Review of Fire Phone Here is he start of what will be a honest ongoing review of the fire phone. I have had several iPhones and this is my first droid based phone. I have had iPads, kindles & a Samsung tablet. Here is my review after 24 hours After 24 hours I am pretty happy with the phone. The screen is nice. Takes good pictures. It was easy to set up my email. My only complaint with setup was with att (should have just walked into a store rather then over the phone). The battery did not last long on day 1 but that is too be expected. Phone was completely charged as of midnight & and now 20 hours later it still has 16% battery life. So far my only issue isn't with the phone but rather with the Amazon App Store. Several apps just aren't available, for example directtv, redbox and sports teams apps. If those were available I would be giving a 5 star review. After week 1: Still a big fan of the phone. The phone is big but not so big that it won't fit in a dress shirt pocket, which is nice. Also the phone completely syncs with my car. I have seen numerous reviews saying that the phone wouldn't sync with their car through bluetooth. I have a 2013 Mazda CX-9 and it had zero problem connecting. It even downloaded my text messages which is something I was never able to do with my iphone. I was even able to stream Prime Music through the bluetooth. I have noticed the phone gets warm but no more so than my last iphone. It has never been so hot that I have had to put it down or anything like that. The biggest difference I have noticed with this phone is opening links in social media. The internet links will not open inside facebook or twitter, they open in silk. This doesn't really bother me either way but I could see how that might bother some people. So again my biggest complaint is the app store and lack of apps. I have even found some of the apps are available for kindles but for some reason are not available for the Fire phone, which makes no sense to me. Amazon really needs to open the gates to google store or get the apps themselves. I haven't had a need to use the navigation/map much besides playing around with it so can't really speak that well of it. Once I do I will add on to this review in a week or so, maybe a month review.
First Ever Smart Phone This is my first ever smart phone, and I have to say, despite some reviews, it is everything I need and more. The biggest thing it has going for it is - it is NOT an Apple product. Sound quality, picture quality, all are top notch. For someone who doesn't really like "smart phones" anyway, this is the perfect one.
Take a good look at the 1-star reviews - they're all the same wording, but from different people! How was someone able to spam hundreds of 1-star reviews for this phone? Look at the 1-star reviews. With minor variations, the wording for all of them is the same. Something about the environment and "dirty" energy or this and that. It's hogwash. Total hogwash. Amazon is no "dirtier" environmentally than Apple or Samsung or any other corporation. "Fossil fuels"? What company doesn't use "fossil fuels" in its day-to-day operations? Either somebody figured out a way to spam reviews and manipulate the rating for a product (which is a scary thought on a number of levels; not least of which is that it means we can't trust Amazon's review system), or else some activist organization urged hundreds and hundreds of people to post the same drivel to impact Amazon and drive down its rating to cause the company to lose money. I think it's the latter. Look at the reviewers who posted these 1-star reviews. Most of them have only posted one review - against the Amazon Fire Phone. That tells me they were urged (paid?) to do so by person or persons unknown. Now it's going to be nearly impossible to tell if the Amazon Fire Phone is worth buying or not. I don't own it. And the reason why is NOT because of the phony 1-star reviews. It's because of the well-written, well-balanced 4- and 5-star reviews. the "cons" column revealed reasons that caused me to hold off on this product until the quirks, bugs, and limitations are worked out. Why the 3-star review? Because I - like many of you who already own several Kindles - would LIKE TO own it. But according to reviews I trust, it's just not ready yet. Whatever the Amazon Fire Phone's limitations or quirks, it doesn't deserve to be ratings-bombed by people who were either paid to post dishonest reviews, or who aren't really people at all, but sophisticated bots. Either way, I'd urge people who might be considering this phone to NOT look at the average rating, but at the 4- and 5-star reviews, as I did. Decide based on those, not on the phony 1-star reviews.
I want to point out that I do not have ... I want to point out that I do not have a Kindle Fire Phone but I am considering purchasing one. While reading customer reviews I noticed that virtually all of the one star reviews appear be written by the same individual. Just take a look at them and see for yourself. One star is given countless times because Amazon uses "dirty energy" while Apple and Google uses "clean energy." The syntax and verbiage is virtually identical. I urge anyone to take that into consideration when considering a Fire Phone purchase.
Could be better Awesome phone! however it gets hot very fast. Battery life not reliable. Many of the apps that I had on my old phone can not put them on the fire phone. Have not been able to transfer my contacts. Using Facebook, when you open a picture there's no way back out. Update: Still trying to love my phone. I can't return it, I got stuck with AT&T. I have a Kindle and they connect pretty good. The camera is awesome. What I'm getting very disappointed is on the lack of App ability. There are many apps that I used on my old Android and I can't get them on my Fire phone. Also, I'm getting a little bit irritated with AT&T coverage. I constantly loose connection even at home.
Great phone to replace the land line! I've waited a couple of weeks before writing my review. My husband and I have had work cell phones for years and never wanted to change out my land line for a cell phone and carry two phones until now. We are big iPhone fans, but the Amazon Fire Phone is the perfect phone for us to end the land line with since we are big Amazon users. It has taken me awhile to get used to the phone and I'm still looking for the perfect case for it. I love how fast I can access my email and apps. Haven't even begun to use or play with all the features. Since I have my iPhone for work I can access apps that are not available on the Fire phone, if the Fire phone was my only phone I probably would be taking it back for these reasons: 1. Really need Google Play, cannot download my bank's mobile app which I use a lot on my iPhone, plus other apps I would like to get 2. Battery life is an issue, I have all notifications turned off, if I do not play games, the phone lasts all day, if I play a game, the battery drains really fast. 3. I do think the phone heats up too much when playing games, I should not have to turn off the Dynamic Perspective to keep the battery life alive, and keep the phone from heating up. This is the feature I really like. 9/8/2014 Not a cool move, Amazon, offering the phone for $.99 with a two year contract without contacting existing customers that paid $99.00 for it and offering us something. Makes me question my decision. I still love the phone. Contacted customer service to submit my complaint about this.
Excellent Phone! Nothing like iPhone or Android Phones, Very Unique. Let me start by saying that I work as an IT Manager and like to get my hands on the latest and greatest hardware. My previous two phones were an iPhone and a Windows 8.1 phone. I was originally very hesitant to even try out the Amazon Fire with the launch price being so high. I assumed they would launch the phone at a low price to instantly compete with Apple like they have done with their Kindle tablet line, but that wasn't the case. The price adjustment to 99 cents with a 2 year contract was what sold me on making the leap. I'm an Amazon Prime user, so getting the year tacked on was a great benefit. Now, on to the phone itself. Coming from an iPhone and a Windows 8.1 phone, there was a bit of a learning curve. I've supported Android phones at work, but this is so customized by Amazon that it doesn't look or function even remotely like any Android phone I've ever used. One awesome feature that is great for users who have never seen an Amazon Fire Phone before is the video tutorial. As I powered up the phone for the first time, I was greeted with an interactive video tutorial that walked me through all the features of the phone, the commands and gestures, basically everything someone would need to know to use the phone to the fullest. I think people who review this phone negatively must have had expectations that it would be either very similar to an iPhone or very similar to an Android phone, but it is neither. It's its own beast so you have to set those expectations with yourself before you dive in. That being said, it is a very useful and satisfying beast. After activation with ATT, I was able to easily setup work and person email accounts, download all the apps I would need from the Amazon App Store. I was very impressed with the swipe commands on the phone and the added functionality that they give each view. Dynamic Perspective is a very cool feature on this phone as well. Aside from its awesome usefulness in the maps application and being able to navigate through cities with ease, I think this feature is more of a bragging rights feature for Amazon, as there aren't a ton of practical uses for it yet that I have seen. The Firefly feature which is another highly touted feature by Amazon is actually really nice and functions quite well. I scanned several products with it and was instantly provided with a link to the product information, Amazon links to purchase, options to save for later as well as a few other options. There are similar apps to Firefly, but Firefly definitely serves its purpose with flair. My one wish on this phone, as I am an avid user of Amazon Cloud Player (aka Amazon Music) is that it would be easier to look through large libraries of music and download what you want from the cloud. If the Music app on the Fire Phone was more in line with the Amazon Music app on Windows, it would be wonderful. All in all, this is the best phone I've used to date for the purposes I require (email, text, social media, music, video, light gaming, navigation). I setup plenty of people in my office with iPhone 6 devices already, and I would take my Fire Phone over one of those any day. I definitely prefer the Amazon Fire Phone layout and functionality to that standard Android devices as well. Amazon has done of great job of customizing the OS. The way I currently view the mobile devices that I've used: Fire Phone > iPhone > Standard Android Phones > Windows 8.1 Phones
I absolutely love this phone I absolutely love this phone. I read several reviews, before I bought it, not all good, but decided I was going to buy it anyway and give it a try. I read reviews, saying you get in apps and cannot get out. When this happened to me I remembered seeing in the tutorial (which I did not watch all of, because I'm just like that) that if you swipe up from below the screen, the picture or whatever you are looking at will close. Lesson learned! Watch the tutorial, when you get the phone!
I love it! A great little phone. It gives a different Android experience. It has solid construction and is a joy to use. Physically, the phone is somewhat reminiscent of the iPhone 4. I find the design very appealing.I also like that the home screen is laid out in the same manner as the Fire tablets. Call quality is great. The 13 megapixel camera is excellent.The Amazon app store does the trick for me . In my opinion, Google Play is not needed. The phone also comes with a nice suite of built-in apps. I am very happy with my purchase.
Just right for my use. I had a Verizon Cell for years. I never kept it charged and I used less then 10 min of talk time a month unless I was traveling. It was just a phone to me. I live in a area that service is spotty. So I wanted a new Kindle, my daughter's kindle died (was first gen) and I know I needed a update to me cell. So I'm a heavy Amazon user and have had prime for years, I read 2 to 3 books a week and keep track of my life on my computer that transfers to my tablet. This was a must, the kindle phone is user friendly and fast enough for me. When the phone uses the battery to fast I make changes to the programs I have on my phone as I did my Kindle tablet. I keep it on Airplane mode when I'm at home and the battery will last 2 or 3 days even with my constant use. I have had a few small issues and I hit the mayday and I have instant assistance. Amazon has a good phone here and I especially like that the Echo and the phone work together. I now don't even have to sit down to add items to my list. What I needed on a cell phone; Text to speech and then to read from the spot it left off. WiFi good hands free. durable. good camera. ability to listen to music. Essentially I needed my kindle to have cell service. Cons; not all apps are made for kindle phone. This phone is just right for me, I tried to use my daughters cortana phone and it was not that easy and slow. I tried my Dads Iphone and was hard to find what I wanted. Update...The google play app works to get the apps but I found I really don't need the app after all the trouble of getting it. The App issue was my only complaint about the fire phone, so I got a Samsung tablet to use at work, That was junk, bluetooth didn't work, Amazon apps never worked. I cussed the junk so many times, worse part of my android primadonna was if you drop it, one time... the screen breaks. My Kindle Phone I've dropped many times and it lives on the bottom of my purse, no scratches, chips etc. I sold my Samsung to Amazon and got a new fire HDX. Android is not worth the trouble. As for the battery if you are good about the App notifications (turn off the apps that drain the battery and Data, very easy to do) and you have (We live in a bad service area, searching for service kills the battery) cell service all the time, I get 3 days off one charge and I use my phone for work, I'm always in the field. It's dependable and Amazon if I have a issues has sent me a new phone with no question. I'm a loyal to amazon, I just wish I could get some of the Iphone cases to fit my phone, and I've tried too, I like that MK pocket cover...it will never fit... darn it.
would be nice to be able to do so Since this is my first smartphone, I have nothing else to compare it to. I do realize that you cannot get Google apps, and that is a bummer, would be nice to be able to do so. I originally "pre-purchased" this phone before it was able to be shipped. I was so excited, my first smartphone. Pre-purchase price $200 with 2 year AT&T contract. No problem, I already used AT&T and my contract was up. Free year of Prime. super. I already used Prime and they extended my subscription for a year. Now for the bad news. After I had my phone for about 1 month, Amazon started advertising the Fire Phone for $.99 with a 2 yr. contract. Not a happy camper. Now the good news, I called Amazon ready to do battle over the price I paid. Amazon was very gracious, credited my account for the $200 without a whimper. Hooray for Amazon. Bottom line, I love my phone. But it is like being with a man for the first time, you have nothing to compare it to.
90% of 1 star reviews are spam attacks. This phone is awesome. Don't listen to the 1 star reviews, 90% of them are just spam attacks on the manner in which Amazon's cloud data center is powered. I doubt they even own this phone. The dynamic perspective feature is very useful. As a note, I've heard some people complaining about the lack of a back button. To go back, just swipe up on the bottom edge of the screen.
Fantastic Phone! When a new iPhone comes out, lines go around the block at the phone store with folks clamoring to buy one. Then everyone likes to show off their new phones and everything they can do. In my own household, each of us couldn't wait for the contract to expire to upgrade to the new thing. Oddly enough, no one in my family ever uses the new features much. Siri is sometimes used for entertainment on long trips, but is about it. I was not happy with the size of the iPhone and had a lot of problems with iTunes. I bought a Samsung S Note2, a disaster for many reasons. Over the course of time, I transferred all of my (remaining) iTunes music to Amazon using the Amazon Importer. I currently have a second generation Kindle. When Amazon came out with a new phone, I did my homework. I saw the Amazon video, read as many reviews as I could, watched many reviews and tutorials on YouTube. When I bought the Amazon Fire Phone, all of the main things I love about the Amazon Kindle, Amazon Prime, and Amazon Music loaded seamlessly into the Fire Phone. The phone has the 3D effect which is kind of cool to tinker with, Firefly to make purchasing from Amazon easier (which I use as much as possible due to their customer service, reliability, and two day Prime service, and Mayday. I do not have Mayday on my current Kindle. I have already used the Mayday feature, (problem with my account, not phone) The service was exceptional. I think the Mayday feature and extending my Amazon Prime is worth the price of the phone right there. The Firefly is useful for shopping Amazon and the 3D Effects are fun, but as previous reviewers have stated, the phone really does nothing "new" and there was no reason for Amazon to make this phone. I don't need innovative features, I need a phone that make phone calls, text, play music, play videos, play games in my free time, and organize my life with its various apps. The Amazon Fire Phone does all of that brilliantly. The voice command is simple to use. Yet people complain. People complain of the heat. It got warm one day: when I kept the lock screen on to watch the 3D animations, but it never got warmer than the Samsun S Note. The battery seems fine (there as an update that supposedly helped), and since I did my homework, it wasn't difficult to master the phone's features. People complain of the lack of apps. All of my apps from my Samsung are there with a couple of exceptions: Teachers pay Teachers (since I am one), and Dropbox. If these don't get added later, I will certainly live. The wallet feature even made a bar code feature to use in the Star Bucks store since there is no Starbucks app yet. Either way, I would rather have a phone that works and works well. So far, I love this phone and I highly recommend it. If you want a reliable, dependable, and comfortable fun phone then this is the one for you. Will I show off and brag to my friends? Yes, I already brag and boast as to how well it works. I am an average person who uses his phone before and after work for entertainment, usefulness, and functionality. I cannot be more thrilled.
Fire phone is awesome, Iphone is a piece of %#^& Ok, So this review might be long, but I hope those of you on the fence about the Fire Phone will read it. I am a digital artist and I use many different types of electronics for my artwork. I'm first going to talk about APPLE, before getting to the Fire phone. I'm going to do this because I want anyone reading this to know exactly why I rated this phone so highly. I HATE APPLE PRODUCTS. Yes, all caps. I believe them to be completely overrated. I don't use an iphone (but I did have one before purchasing the Fire phone). I don't use APPLE computers...I built my own PC and it does everything I need it to do for my video work. Here's the thing: Apple is great at marketing, but never let an APPLE lover tell you that their products are superior. This just isn't true. Everybody else caught up. The Android OS is just as good as the Mac OS; Windows is stable (8.1 is the best they've put out in my opinion), I could go on. I know this has nothing (on the surface) to do with the Fire phone, but it has everything to do with how much experience I've had with different systems and technologies. Don't believe that Apple is the only product for video artists...they might have cornered the market for a long while, but PCs caught up and in some ways surpassed them. You pay way too much money for Apple products. Anyway, to the Fire phone: Look, as a few other reviewers have stated, if you are into Amazon, and a Prime member, and do cloud storage through them, then the Fire will make total sense. Just like if you have an Iphone and are synced with their cloud and your Ipad, etc...it will all make sense. It's the same damn thing, just through Amazon. So people complaining about this confusion are really just irritated that they aren't already synced through Amazon and an Android OS. Next, the Fire phone is an amazing machine to look at. I mean, the picture quality is incredible. It is better than the iphone (I can't speak to every other type of phone, as I haven't owned all of them). The Fire is intuitive and user friendly. I figured it out quickly. This has always been the problem with Apple products. Not so with this phone. But remember, if you are already familiar with Amazon (maybe you have a Kindle, you're a prime member, etc.), then the Fire will just be an extension of this. It's basically a Kindle with a phone. BTW, I own both a Kindle Fire HD and an HDX. Everything is synced. If you like your Kindle, then the Fire phone will make perfect sense because it's basically the same machine (again, but with a phone). As for APPS: Here is where I might disagree with some people. I don't care much about apps. I use some of them. The Fire has plenty of apps and more are made all the time. I don't really understand the APP craze, as most are complete garbage. But the ones I use like Twitter, maps, video, different games, etc all work well. I would like to see a better Podcast app from them, but the one I found works well enough. It's just a little different than the iphone podcast app (which admittedly is pretty good). Let me say this (IN SCREAMING CAPS): YOU SHOULD NOT BUY A PHONE BASED ON APPS! Why? Because new apps come out ALL THE TIME. Most are terrible. Amazon is already improving on apps they've had for a while. Like I said earlier, everyone caught up (and began to surpass) Apple. Don't buy into the b.s. that a $400-600 phone is worth it because of the apps. That's marketing nonsense. Amazon prime music: Freaking awesome. BTW, I was offered prime when I bought this phone. I already had it, but they upgraded it for a longer period. I can't say enough about Amazon prime. And their music selection is really good (if not great). I've already got WAY more music on cloud my Fire cloud storage than I ever did on my iphone. Amazon Prime is THE reason to buy this phone. If you don't use Prime, you have no idea what you're missing out on. And again, the phone looks fantastic. The quality of the pictures is great. The screensavers are actually quite awesome. I actually enjoy my phone (whereas in the past I couldn't care less about my phone, including my iphone). Like I said, this is an extension of a Kindle. Think about it like that. If you like the Kindle Fires, you'll (hopefully, probably?) like this phone. It's user friendly, has BIG BUTTONS FOR THE KEYPAD (Thank you!), looks fantastic, and has all the apps I need. It's lightening fast, btw. Iphones suck. People have them because they think that's what is best. Of course some people will stand by that. I don't. I think Apple products are a giant marketing creation, and their products aren't all that great. Especially when you consider how much more you pay for their "brand." This phone rocks. I'm a digital artist, I know how to work these machines, and it's the best phone I've ever owned. That's partly because I'm synced with Prime already, yes, but I don't have a negative thing to say about this phone...other than I hope Amazon continues to produce them and doesn't quit. Edit: I forgot to add... Amazon's browser, Silk,has gotten much better over the last year. That was a big issue when the Kindle first came out. Now, on both the new Kindles and the Fire phone, Silk works well. plus they dont have the privacy issues google has. I stay away from google chrome and google products because of this. Same with iPhone privacy. stay away.
Fire Phone Working Great I rarely reply to Amazon's request to review items but this time I had to do it. I had decided to purchase the Fire Phone in spite of some of the scary reviews that have been posted but I'll admit some of the comments had me worried. Let me first say that I have had no technical problems with this phone nor any problem adjusting to it. My phone background is a bit varied. The Fire Phone is replacing my Moto X and previous to that I had a couple IPhones. Maybe because I'm used to both Apple and Android I adjusted more quickly who knows. Here is a summary of what ISN'T wrong with the phone. 1. It has not gotten unusually hot. 2. The battery life is fine. When I got to work today it was at 98% now at 3:44 it is at 82%. Granted I dont use my phone that much at work. I made a couple of calls, sent several texts and checked my gmail a couple of times. 3. I've had no problem figuring out how to text/email/search web etc. 4. I do not find flicking my wrist to be a horrific ordeal. (It you do I'd just swipe left or right because that works too.) 5. I do not find sliding up to close apps any more difficult than a back button. (This might be because I got used to it with apple.) 6. I had no problem connecting the blue tooth to my car. 7. I quickly found the mayday button; although I haven't had to use it. Over all I think this phone is great and if you are considering one I would go for it. Thanks!
Love my fire phone!! I have had my fire phone for about 7 months now. I LOVE IT!! I have 2 kindles and anything I put on them goes right to the phone and vice versa. I really like this feature as I use my kindles a lot. I also like the free year of Prime. I have read some negative reviews and their problems have never applied to me. I use one of my pictures for background, so I never paid any attention to their backgrounds. The battery seems to last a lot longer than my son's I phone, and it recharges faster than any other phone I have ever owned. There are some apps you can't get and I hope Amazon is working to correct that, although they are not necessary apps for me. I have shopped with it, read books, go on face book, etc., with no problem. The camera is great. Firefly works fine, but I don't really use it. The only real problem I can live with is the small keyboard. The keys could be a little larger. Other than that it's a great device!! Did I say, I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!
I'm stuck with a phone I hugely dislike... I just took a trip to London and Edinburg with my new Fire phone and have had nothing but headaches with the camera. It continually crashes and freezes up. After taking photos, I can't access all my photos from the photo icon--just the ones taken within the last few minutes. I frequently get an error message while using the camera and have to restart my phone. After seeing what my daughter's Samsung Galaxy does, I'm so very disappointed in the Fire. What does it have? A few "new" but not exciting features: Perspective is a great big "so what." It's not useful. Firefly isn't needed often. Ummmm...well, it's just an archaic phone. I thought I'd be getting the best of the best when I decided on this phone, and now I'm hugely disappointed. App availability is ultra limited. Of course as rivals, it's clear we'll never have the benefit of Google apps on the Fire phone. I should have realized that before I bought the Fire. And then there's just a bunch of other common apps that aren't available. For example, I can't get on snapchat with my adult children who all use it as the app isn't available. I love Amazon for everything else... we shop almost exclusively through them because we live in Alaska, and the free shipping is awesome. We love our Kindles. We have Amazon TV now too, and like it. But the phone - well, it just sucks.
Works great with hearing aides. Bought this phone for my husband, who is hearing impared and wears a hearing aide. This cell phone is rated the best for hearing aides and it is. My husband was quite sure it wouldn't work, but it does. As or daughter says, "It's amazing. He can hear me!" Highly recommended for folks with hearing problems.
Fantastic value with Google Play I got it on sale and it is a fantastic value. I'm running OS 4.6.1 and it took about 5-10 minutes to install Google Play today (Google "fire phone google play" and you'll find an easy-to-follow video from the XDA developers. Just pause it a lot to make sure you don't miss a step. Your phone doesn't need to be rooted. Restart device after you finish installing Google Play and tell Google Play not to auto-update apps so they don't interfere with your Amazon apps.) Camera works great. Apps run nice and smooth. The phone feels premium. I'm super happy with my purchase.
my phone is awesome because it does what I want it to do Let me first start by saying that I use my phone as it should be used...as a phone. It doesn't stay stuck to my hand every waking second of my life. I don't do social media because my life is MINE not everyone else's. If you want to converse with me, pick up the damn phone and call me. I'm not of fan of games because I am an adult. So in saying that, my phone is awesome because it does what I want it to do. It rings when I have a call. It bleeps when I have a text message. I do have my email on it but only because my email/internet carrier at home sucks butt and it's faster to look at it on my phone than go into my computer and pull CenturyTel's slow speed dinosaur internet up and try to look through them. Yes, it would be nice to change to someone else but unfortunately CenturyTel has the monopoly where I live and we cannot get anyone else. Thought that was against the law but what do I know. Sorry, I digress back to the phone. So I guess since I don't use my phone like 98% of other folks, this review may not be what anyone is looking for. But I do indeed like my phone. Oh and for those of you who will say that I'm like my home internet provider, a dinosaur because I don't do social media and my phone isn't my best buddy, you can KMA. My life is not like an open book. Think about it.
Great phone, apps too. Iphone users, give it a try! I love this phone! I am so happy I went for it. I have a Kindle HD tablet that I love and I needed a new phone. I read all the reviews and I quickly realized that the bad reviews were never a problem with the phone. Actually, the phone was often said to be great, even by angry users. The apps were the problem. Iphone users were angry at the Fire phone for not allowing them to use all their usual apps. It is a little like switching from a Mac to a PC. Your expectations should be that you will have to make some changes and adapt to new apps. The apps on the Fire phone are sensational! The calendar, contacts, email app are even better than the Iphone's and all you need to do is enter your email address(es) and password(s) and you're done. I use gmail, hotmail and yahoo. The many fun features are incredible like the lock screen I can never get tired of, or the different menus that appear on the left or the right when you move your phone. All the "usual" social apps work really well also. There are tons of apps available so if you are ready to adapt to new apps that may work even better than the ones you are used to now, you won't be disappointed. There were complaints about the lack of a "Back" menu button. The truth is that the first thing explained about this phone is that you just slide your finger up on the screen from the bottom up to about a quarter of the screen and it takes you back wherever you were before. It works great, I use it all the time. You also sometimes have the option on the side menus I mentioned earlier. And a bunch of apps do have an integrated back menu button. A great thing too is that you get Prime for a year. I am already a prime member and it added an extra year at the end of this year membership. PICTURES: The screen is gorgeous. The Fire phone takes nice pictures that are uploaded to your free Cloud Drive automatically. MUSIC: The sound really surprised me. I couldn't believe how great it sounded and the headphones are the best I ever had. They are magnetic, they really do not tangle! They fit super comfortably too - something that has been a real problem for me for years as I tried several earphones that worked for me without success. The lyrics can be found on the right menu if you wish to sing along your songs as well as info about the song/Artist. I personally listen mostly to Prime music for free now. BOOKS: The screen is so beautiful, I actually enjoy reading on this phone but what's even better is that on the right menu you get all the info about the book you're reading, authors, reviews, recommendations, ... MOVIES: Works great with Amazon Prime, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Xfinity, ... You name it! Conclusion: I simply love this phone. I think it is better than the Iphone but you have to be willing to change a few apps. Voila!
Fire Phone- the best of both the iPhone and Galaxy worlds! Love this phone! After my title, I must explain that the app store is nothing like the iPhone or Galaxy app stores, however, (for me) it is more than sufficient and they have already begun adding additional apps. I was pleasantly surprised to find an app that just recently came to the iPhone but was already on the Amazon app store. I received my phone two days after the initial launch date and it originally did not have the LinkedIn app and now does. It will be a growth process but I am willing to wait, because I know it will be worth it. For someone who is REALLY into apps and games and that is their key usage, you may want to wait. All of that being said, I LOVE this phone. Unlike initial reviews, prior to the launch, I find it easy to use and not "gimmicky" as a lot had reported. In fact, I think it's nothing of the sort. It is clean, easy to learn and quick to respond. The ability to swipe up from the bottom to return to whatever the previous thing you were doing, is really nice. It doesn't show a preview of your tests unless you swipe down from the top but it does at least notify you at the top and again by showing a symbol on the screen, when you have an email or text. Having come from an iphone, this was a bit of a change but I've gotten very used to it. Firefly is superb for someone who really likes to be able to see reviews of products and pricing at a glance. I've found it to be helpful rather than "a pushy shopping phone" as some have suggested. Mayday has also proved to be helpful. I love being able to quickly and easily access a customer service agent when needed, without a long wait time on the phone. The right menu on the phone is helpful. It is nice to be able to easily access the weather and calendar notifications as well as texts. The ease and multple options to add photos into texts is also smooth and well thought out. The battery life is better than some are stating. I have had no issues with the batter life on this phone. In fact, I have to charge it less than I charged my iPhone. Give this phone a chance. Take a risk and have real expectations going in and you'll enjoy the product. I do believe they put a lot of thought and effort into building the device and it's worth the switch to try the Fire.
Very Impressed I'll start by saying that I am a very picky smartphone user, and that I have previously owned Samsung S4 and IPhones 1 thru 4. After two weeks of use, I like my Fire Phone better than any of my previous devices. I can't speak to how it compares to other recently released phones (S5, LG) or the upcoming iPhone 6. The phone is especially impressive when considering it is Amazon's first foray into smartphones. While I loved my first iPhone, it had quite a few annoyances that are to be expected when a company creates a new device. The Fire Phone doesn't have those same annoyances (of course I recognize that Amazon has had the benefit many years to let the smartphone market and experience develop). I would highly recommend this device, for those inside or outside the Amazon ecosystem. Operating system - Amazon nailed it. So intuitive and easy to use. It seems like commands are always accessible and where I need them to be. If you own other Amazon devices (Kindle Fire or Fire TV), the seamless integration with the phone will be very useful to you. It is better than any OS I have used on a smartphone. HW - Unlike other reviewers, I have had no problem with the battery. I typically end the day with ~30% charge and don't charge throughout the day. And while the phone does get a bit warmer than my old iPhones, it is definitely cooler than the S4. I don't understand all the talk about the heat produced by this phone. And while there have been negative comments about the screen, I have no complaints, but maybe this is an area I'm just not picky about. The processing speed of the phone is great. I never find that I have to wait for the phone to catch up with what I want to do. With all my previous devices, I HAVE had to wait. To me, this is especially impressive considering that this phone does MORE with dynamic perspective (that functionality has to take a lot of computing power). Finally, the industrial design is nice. It is a good looking device, feels very good in my hand (it is somewhat heavy, but I like it's weight...makes it feel more substantial than my S4 and more like an iPhone). Frankly, when I put my Fire phone next to my S4, I finally realized what an ugly device the S4 is. Of course, it will be hard to beat the upcoming iPhone 6...that thing will be beautiful. Dynamic Perspective - it is amazing and it really works...well. This is a compelling feature, and a totally new technology. It will change the way we interact with our phones. Since apps haven't developed for it for the most part, it's not fully taken advantage of, but I believe it is only a matter of time. There have been reviews and articles calling it a gimmick. Either these folks have not used the device, or they have no vision. There is so much potential here...it's just not fully tapped. Firefly - sure, it doesn't work some of the time. But, I expect that to improve as Amazon builds it's database. When it does work, it is magical. I have found it somewhat useful in the store or when I need to capture an email address or phone number. ATT - not so bad. I was with AT&T 3-4 years ago when their network was from the middle ages. Things appear to have improved dramatically, and there customer service seems to be quite good as well. I'm not missing Verizon as I thought I might. Price - you get 32GB of memory and a full year of prime. Add those factors in, and this device IS cheaper than iPhone, S5, etc. For a device of this quality, this is a very good value. App Selection - yes, this is a clear downside. No google apps. But, I frankly haven't missed them. My gmail/google calendar still sync seamlessly, and the Amazon maps app works just like google maps (though I have noticed that the traffic accuracy is inferior to google maps)
Best phone ever! Was kind of hesitant on purchasing a new Fire Phone. My worries were short lived. This phone is awesome. If you have an upgrade coming up be sure to check this one out before purchasing a different phone, The fire phone is user friendly and do so many new things. You are going to love it!!!!
I'd pick it over the iPhone any day I really like the fire phone. I'm not sure why so many people don't. This phone is on par with most of the smart phones out there. The free year of amazon prime made the decision for me. Having free prime really makes getting this phone a no brainer. The firefly app Is great fun and I love having my books and music automatically right where I need them. It takes pretty good photos too.I have no clue how to change the ringtone to a downloaded ring and figuring out how to access everything on the phone takes some getting used to, also the battery does not last very long. Hence the four stars. I'd say, include a manual ( it's a different operating system, people will need it) and fix the battery life and amazon has a phone just as good as Apple. Ok now after reading other reviews I get it, most people are upset over google aps. Eye roll. I'm an adult and don't even have the Facebook app. I don't really use aps. I have twitter and vine and that's about it, so if you are really into aps...I guess I can see. That just isn't my thing. The batter life however is a real drawback.
Nice hardware; glitches in software will hopefully be addressed soon. If you buy now, be prepared to feel like a beta tester. I've taken some time to write this review so that I could review with experience. I bought the phone a little over a month ago on Amazon's website and was very happy with the easy buying experience including the process of signing up for new service with AT&T. *The phone's hardware seems very expensive; I don't think Amazon cut any corners in manufacturing the Fire Phone. It is fast, has a nice screen and plenty of storage (32GB minus the space for OS and apps) *I switched from an Android and hoped that I would see all my favorite Android apps in the Amazon App Store. Not the case. There are a bunch of games, but I don't drain my phone's precious battery life playing games. *Battery life is terrible. However, it's possible to decrease battery consumption by turning off dynamic perspective. The phone charges very quickly, but I don't want to bring a charger with me to work every day. *Text messaging app freezes up sometimes and the keyboard disappears. Requires a restart to fix. *Keyboard doesn't seem as intuitive (with respect to understanding me and my keystrokes) as my MotoX. The MotoX and iPhone seem to do a better job of correcting the mistakes I make while typing. *My phone has refused to startup once and had to be reset. *Email app is rather decent, but for a Gmail user the best is really just to use the Gmail app. I hope Gmail's app will be available on Fire soon. *Amazon's apps work very well on this phone. If you use Amazon Prime or shop Amazon often, this may be the phone for you. Hopefully Amazon will get the software working a little better. Knowing that the hardware is quite good, I am hopeful that software updates will be on the way now that Amazon is receiving user reports. Maybe someday Amazon will offer a Kindle/Fire email service to complete the branding?
Amazon did a great effort to create something new and unique which is ... This is the first generation of the Amazon Fire Phone and it has highs and lows, but remember, it is the first one ever made. Amazon did a great effort to create something new and unique which is why I give it five stars. This phone has a lot of tricks already shown in the product's presentation. I bought it and the first thing to catch my eye was the 3D display which makes the phone more attractive to use. The phone has improved with new upgrade to Fire OS 3.5.1. which makes battery life stronger, and it doesn't get as hot as it used to do (just like normal phones hot). This upgrade makes older accusations of the phone irrelevant. The firefly function works excellent. You can "shazam" almost everything. In the US it works perfectly. You want to know what that movie you are watching in your tv is? or the movie that is playing in a Walmart display tv? No problem, activate firefly and there you can find it in matter of seconds. Wait, you don't know the song in the radio you are just loving? Ok, activate firefly, let it hear a few seconds, and like magic the song appears in your phone with description and price at Amazon. If you are at the grocery and there is an item you want but you think it's too expensive, then use the firefly to search better prices at Amazon Prime or normal Amazon. The apps store has many games, maybe not all the apps you would find in the App Store but it has many, and there are many deals. Oh, and everyday there is a different paid game which is free to download. There is the kindle's library, amazon instant video, and many more other amazon only features that makes Amazon Prime and Amazon Fire Phone more attractive at the eye. The camera is good quality, it has a lot of editing features and many modes of taking a picture. You can make a panorama display or lenticular photo which makes the phone even greater. The video looks good but with both camera's and video's zoom it looks kind of blurry. Now, this phone is way different than leading phone at the market but making a transition to this phone is not that difficult. You want itunes music, then you just plug your phone to the mac or pc and transfer the music just as it is, and the same with other music types. I think the photos are the same thing, but I'm not 100% sure. By the way, with Amazon Prime you can have free streaming music from almost every device and it fits perfectly with the Fire Phone. You can now have Prime Stations too which is the same as itunes radio but for Amazon. Watching movies in Amazon instant video is so easy and efficient. You can have the x ray description of each scene at any given time, with characters included at the scene, and many more things. This phone has many flaws and many things that you can't compare to leading phones. It needs upgrades and tweaks from time to time to make the phone even more practical. This phone is for people who want a new thing, a different thing to use as their communication device. Look this phone as a developer's phone, it is brand new, people are getting to know the phone and Amazon will look at reactions and hear comment to make the phone better and to make other phones better than before. This phone has great potential, it's just you have to be opened to the idea that this phone, this AMAZON phone, is not centered to add APPLE products, and other companies products to their phone. They want to make the phone as "amazon" as possible. Don't expect to have itunes and google play to phone that has nothing to do with them. When buying the Fire Phone, think of it as it is.A new company phone, new, unique features, different system, different medias used, etc. Don't compare this to the iphone or the samsung galaxy. If you don't want change, stay with those brands, if you do, go for Amazon Fire Phone. REMEMBER THIS IS THE FIRST AMAZON FIRE PHONE EVER BEEN CREATED. It's the first one, not the perfect one.
A Great Electronic Device I am very pleased with the Fire Phone. I don't know why so many didn't like it, but am thankful I didn't listen to them. It's a great device. I actually use it far more as a computer and camera than as a phone. I mainly use the wi-fi connection and don't need much data. The apps are great.
love it Being a self described Amazon fan boy I love this device. Great battery life, and fast. Still needs a little polish on the OS but I am confident Amazon is working on that.
Gets too hot I actually liked this phone, and felt that the depth perception could, over time, be used to create a unique experience. I also liked the overall feel of the phone. I had some trouble with stability of certain apps, but I expect these to get fixed over time. After I posted my dissatisfaction with Whatsapp, I actually got a response form Amazon saying that the problem was fixed - and it was ! What bothered me was how hot the phone got at times - twice in the very first week it got so hot that I could not even keep it in my pocket - had to power it off and lay it down. I ended up returning the phone. I hope Amazon fixes this.
Nice phone with great features. Prior to purchasing this phone I had been an iPhone user for five years, I simply wanted a different experience and so far I am pleased. It has been easy to navigate and fun to use. I have found the Amazon app store has all the apps I used prior with the exception of the app for my bank and Redbox. Amazon customer service is great and easy to contact through the Mayday button, which is a very nice feature. The browser is fast and I have found movies load quicker and run smoother on Netflix on this phone vs. the iPhone. The call quality is great and I have service in places that were spotty when using the iPhone. I have found that after reading txt messages it takes a few seconds occasionally to clear them as being read on the message icon. Also, there are no emoticons. The tilt and swivel gestures are responsive and handy. Dynamic perspective is neat, however not many apps have taken advantage of this yet. The battery life isn't quite as long as it was on the iPhone and it seems to take longer to charge. So far I have enjoyed this phone and what it has to offer. However, for those heavily tied into the Google or Apple ecosystem this may not be the phone for you.
These Phones Are Great! We have had our Fire phones for a month now. So far we really like them! Despite having used iPhones for the past four years, we didn't use all that many apps. The Amazon App Store had equivalent apps for nearly everything we needed with the exception of onstar. For what we need in a smart phone, the Amazon fire phone does what we want. And the dynamic perspective is a fun feature, too!
It is irresponsible to power your new product with fossil ... It is irresponsible to power your new product with fossil fueled energy. By doing so you offer a low cost to buyers but pass the increased cost of air pollution on to the public where the American tax payers will foot the bill. You also endanger the entire planet and life as we know it. Get your act together; it's the 21st century and global climate change is a clear and present danger. Do your part and become part of the solution instead of part of the problem
Solid but can use some upgrades. Give it a chance :-) This phone is ALMOST there. I was a solid iPhone user since 2008 and was waiting until iPhone 6 to upgrade from my 4s. When the Fire phone price was lowered to $1, I figured ... well, I'm going to give it a try. I have 2 weeks to return it - so far I'm on day 10, and this phone is getter better. I know there are some concerns - so I will address them. BATTERY LIFE: Yes. For the first 3 days, the better life sucks. But, I think it just needed to be woke up. Let the battery completely die, then recharge it. Give it about 2 times this way. As of now, I can go all day, and ended up at 6pm with 23% battery still. And this is with consistent usage of email, texting, Bluetooth connection to my car (about 2-4 hours everyday since I travel a lot for work), streaming music, downloading new music from Amazon Prime, Candy Crush Saga, and obviously talking on the phone. So, my conclusion is - the battery gets better after a few warm up. Don't get too freak out :-) APP STORE: Obviously, not as many apps available as the Apple or Android store. The only thing the held me back from keeping my Fire phone was the lack of a good check registry book, which I can't live without. They have several, but I found them not very good. HOWEVER, after days of searching, I finally found one call Cashflow, and it's better than the previous app I used on my iPhone. So, since that problem is now solved, I am now a happy camper. Many popular games are available, similar to what I had on my iPhone. There are MS Office apps, a lot of financial institution (but not AMEX ... that is disappointing), and handful of other things. If you are curious, search on Amazon website for Fire phone app - that's what I did to make sure that they had an app for my bank, otherwise I would have never bought it at all. It is probably good to note that - no, they don't work with Google play stuff; however, I don't use Google play, so I'm not impacted by it. USER INTERFACE: Holy Easy! Took a bit to get use to as I am so familiar with the iOS, but I love the ability to function completely one-handed 99.99% of the time. I love the scrolling feature where the pages scroll as you tile your phone, the swipe up back motion, and the tilting left and right function built in in many apps. Many people say they find themselves "stuck" in many apps with no back button - that is because to go back, you swipe UP from a little below the screen. Took me a bit to get used to - and I think this should have been a part of the intro video. But now that I figure it out, this is pretty awesome. I do have some recommendation - the left tilted screen that have pre-set menu (Apps, Games, Web, etc...) should be customizable. A preview of the text or facebook message when the screen is locked (like that an iPhone had) would be great, too. Music and Prime Music app should be combined somehow. It's annoying. Also, the feature that give me lyrics to song only work on songs in the music app, not prime music app - very disappointing. But these are just easy software upgrade, so I am hoping to see an upgrade that address these issues soon. MAYDAY: Amazon get an A for customer service. The first day when I purchased this phone, I tried to connect to Mayday but I was not able to - the phone appear to have had a bad reception and could not connect to my Wi-fi. Once the connection to Mayday got disconnected, seconds later I received a phone call directly from the same Amazon rep that I was speaking to. She mentioned that during the seconds that we were connected through to Mayday program, she noted that I had the old OS and that it needed to be upgraded. This was at 10pm in the evening btw. All other Mayday calls I placed were answered within 5 seconds, and all my problems have been resolved with no issues. FIREFLY: It works, but mostly with barcode rather than the product itself. I am being optimistic and hoping that they are upgrading their system to make this even better. I've used Amazon app on my iPhone to identify products and prices on regular basis anyway, this is pretty much the same. The ability to recognize phone number and email is pretty handy tho, especially when I'm in the car passing by an ads. DYNAMIC PERSPECTIVE: It's pretty cool - but useless to me. My little sister love it, and there are some apps with built in dynamic perspective so that's pretty cool. The app icons are 3D as well, not just the lock screen. WHAT I AM REALLY MISSING: Voice control is too basic - but I think I read somewhere that an upgrade is coming. I'd love to have Cortana on this phone ... she's much better than Siri. Plus, you can't use voice control while your phone is locked - so that take away the ability to quickly access something. Right now the voice control only allow you to make call, send messages, send emails, and search the web. A bit too basic for a smartphone released in 2014. I really hope Amazon address this very soon, along with my other recommendation above. CONCLUSION: Give it a chance. For 99cent, I think this is a very solid phone and that it will get much better and can become a fierce competitor for the iPhone 6 and the Samsung Galexy S5. However, until several of the concerns that I pointed out is addressed, Amazon won't be able to increase the phone price above 99cent. But once it is addressed, I would happily pay $200 for this phone instead of $400 for an iPhone with similar specs.
Respectable Phone, No-Brainer Price $99 is the cost of a year of Amazon Prime, Even if the phone was DOA, I got the year of Amazon Prime and a pair of earbuds, that have great sound quality, by the way. I had nothing to lose in purchasing this phone for $99 when I switched from Sprint to AT&T. Sidenote: After 15+ years as a Sprint customer, I left for AT&T because Sprint's network availability and speed in my home town has deteriorated. Back to the Fire phone. I wanted more than 32GB of storage (the 32GB version was selling for $0.99 - yes, ninety-nine cents - with a 2-year contract). I've had a month to get used to the Fire phone and would offer this feedback to Amazon about what I like and how to make it better: * The dedicated camera button is nice feature. push the button, located just below the volume buttons, and the camera is ready to go, even if the phone is locked. * The "peek" feature, enabled by the dynamic perspective capabilities, is handy, and I suspect, saves a little bit of battery use by not having all of the "peek" information lit up on the screen all the time. * The apps for Amazon, Audible, Kindle and Prime Instant Video are well done and make shopping, listening, reading and watching almost effortless. * I can see why it would be frustrating for other Fire phone owners (see their scathing comments elsewhere) if they could not get a specific app for the Fire phone. But I have been able to find adequate substitutes on the Amazon Appstore, if not the exact same apps, that I had previously on my Android phone. * The motion-sensitive features (rotate counter-clockwise for settings, tilt left for app-specific options, tilt right for recommendations) are very useful. * The Kindle-crossover "carousel" feature is a nice touch. * You are not able to adjust settings (font, etc.) in the native messaging app, so I replaced it with a third-party app, Handcent. Much better. * Please eliminate the ANNOYING pop-up that appears every 5 minutes or so when the screen is on that "reminds" me that location-based services are not turned on. I don't WANT location-based services turned on, so make that &%(*#$^ reminder go away. If I change my mind, I know where to activate that setting. *My old Android phone allowed me to put speed-dial buttons on the home screen. Please add this functionality to the next version of the Fire OS. I would like to have a page of speed-dial buttons on the home screen, instead of have to flag someone as a "VIP" in Contacts.
Beautiful phone I switched from iPhone to Fire because 1) I'm already with AT&T, 2) I don't have many purchased apps, 3) wanted to try something new like dynamic perspective. It took me one day to get used to the gestures and Andorid system. But once I get used to it, the more I use the phone, the more I like it. I've been a two-year prime member and have been shopping almost everything on Amazon. This phone makes my life easier for reading, watching movies, and of course, shopping. I like the maps over google maps, and I like the idea of inventing three-panel interface. I also like the icons and the display. I feel it's a very premium device. I understand it's the first generation phone, so I wouldn't expect it to beat Apple and Samsung's 5th generation devices. But I do like the design and the feeling when I hold the phone. The camera is awesome. I imported all the pictures from iPhone to Fire and could easily tell the difference in quality. Some of the suggestions I would give to the Fire OS: 1) I'm not able to create a folder/collection in the grid. 2) Battery life is relatively shorter than other smartphones. 3) I truly hope you guys to improve the carousel. I like the small touches brought by Carousel, but please either replace the recommendations with small touches in all the apps (not only the native built-in apps), or make the Carousel customized by customers. I don't like swiping through the carousel all the way down to the app I needed. Sometimes I just want to use some small touches but unfortunately the app I'm looking for is at rightmost. Or could we peek to scroll the carousel? 4) Enable auto-scroll in Kindle books. 5) Display the preview of emails/txt messages/details of notifications on the lockscreen. Right now I have to swivel to view them. 6) I hope Fire could allow us to customize the right panel notification panel. I personally would want to add contacts and favortite sites to the right panel so that I could easily get access to those resources. I hope to see this promising device and OS improve all the way to the next generation.
I get it. It has its Limitations. I am an Apple iPhone convert. I've been off contract for about a month and wanted to see what new features the new iPhone 6 had to offer. I can't say I was too pleased. I had been eyeing the Fire since it came out and as I looked for a new phone and heavily considered much of its competition, the Fire always stuck in the back of my mind. Finally decided to take the leap, and just a few days in, I am totally happy. I realize a few days will not be enough, but just playing with it and figuring it out, I've seen that it is way different from the iPhone, which is exactly what I wanted, but it doesn't compromise on ease of use (which the iPhone does best WITHOUT a doubt). Like iPhone, the Fire is very nice to maneuver, especially when multitasking. I never liked the feel of other Android phones. They looked too messy. The Fire is clean. It doesn't have all those messy widgets that you see on HTCs or Galaxy phones. They remind me of having 18 windows open on my desktop. Ugh. Pros: -Ease of use -Maneuverability -Clean look, no messy widgets -Great camera (I don't require much, just nice clean, crisp pictures: this phone will give you that, just not so much when you zoom in at full capacity. Then it gets a little foggy) -The highlights of the phone are great (Firefly, Dynamic Perspective). Very handy and work as shown. -Tilt the phone up or down to scroll pages. Love this feature. I read. A LOT. Cons: -You only have access to the Amazon App Store, which doesn't include some vitals like Bank of America App, Kaiser Permanente App, etc. Apple did spoil me in that sense. -Battery life not as good as iPhone. HOWEVER, it's not as bad as some of the reviewers on here say! Of course a phone is going to drain battery if you're on it all the time, streaming and gaming and stuff. -The phone can get pretty hot. No joke. Still worth it. I love my Fire.
Fire Wishes come true When I got my Kindle Fire HD I loved it so much...it made everything that I do convenient and portable! I always wished my Kindle Fire could make phone calls...Amazon made my wish come true! I now have the best of both world's! I actually prefer it over the other smart phones that I have had. This is truly a quality Amazon product that is satisfying my organizational, scheduling, recreational and researching needs. Thanks Amazon for making my wish come true! But, I'm still keeping my Kindle.
Worst Phone EVER! I wanted to adore this phone. I've been an amazon customer for the past 10 years or so. In addition to the fire phone, I have two kindles, use Audible and Prime. I got my first fire phone with AT&T Next. After 5 days, the phone started crashing (re-starting out-of-the-blue) and didn't turn itself back on. I returned it before the 14-day limit and got a second one. The second one had a camera issue (the back camera didn't work) and after a week of troubleshooting, Amazon sent a third fire phone as replacement- that's three in less than one month. The third one has now crashed in the same manner as the first one I got, it just turned itself off and won't turn back on. I just got off the phone with AT&T, and they said that because the phone is under warranty, they cannot get me a new model, only Amazon could. Amazon then in turns says that they could only refund me before 30 days and now they won't refund the phone, they will simple just sent me another one (that's four, four since Dec 15 to now!). If that fourth one crashes: I just keep getting replacements, because the original 30 days have passed. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE. If anything wait until: 1) It's been in the market longer and it's reviews have gotten much better and 2) They expanded their appstore (something I was willing to overlook, but now everything seems a little too much!). The only reason it has a star (other than it's the lowest I can give), it's because the customer service personel was extremely apologetic and it seems like I'm not the only person with a crappy fire phone experience. I will never again sponsor a launch of Amazon hardware. The only reason I'm still a customer it's because I'm a big kindle user. The return policy/ refund policy is completely ridiculous and unfair to the customer. It's completely unwarranted that I've had to go through FOUR. FOUR FIRE PHONE IN A MONTH A HALF and I won't get any replacement for another device. WHY!? WHY?! WHY!? My only mistake was not calling Amazon before today since the phone crashed a week ago (way before the 30-day limit) and now I'm stuck with a piece-of-crap device that better serves a paperweight. Extreme dissapointment doesn't even come close to what I feel or was left feeling after all this ordeal. Worst device ever.
Great choice for those looking for something different I was a hard core iphone user. Both my husband and I also love Amazon and both have Kindle's in addition to my I-Pad. When It was time for our upgrade, my husband was first and surprised me when he came home with a Fire phone instead of the iphone 6 that he had intended to get. At first I thought that he was crazy, but he told me that he loved it and I found myself playing with his more than mine. After a month, wneh I was also ready for my upgrade, I picked the Fire Phone as well. I can honestly say that while apple is and always will be in a league of their own, the Amazon Fire Phone is an amazing alternative, for those who want to stay with the android format and want to try something different. The Firefly techology is amazing and in a league of its own, everything that Amazon promised it to be and then some. The camera and apps are excellent and superior as well. The amount of free music downloads and free movies and videos that I get through my Prime membership completely blows Apple out of the water. For these reasons I am very happy with my choice and love my fire phone to death. While I admit that one of the few downsides is the artificial intelligence. While the fire phone has a decent voice activated assistant, it can not hold a candle to Suri. But that aside, this is truly a wonderful chance for those desireing something different, its like having your Kindle with all of its content and perks, in a phone form. Even the salesman at ATT said, both he and I wish people would be more open minded and give the Firephone a chance.
soooo sad this is discontinued soooo sad this is discontinued. i have a Samsung galaxy for work and the Fire phone is by far a more pleasant experience. I don't want to have to have accounts with every big company like Google or Apple. It is nice to have the Fire phone and a Kindle and keep all my stuff in one place. The phone part and camera are as good as anything else and the Firefly is a cool trick that i used more than a few times while in the aisles of a store.
Great deal for less than $1 I've had the Fire phone now for about 5 months. I like it a lot. Is it the best phone on the market? No. I'll do a review on a few of the particulars. MayDay- never used this... it's a live 24/7 service that is to help you with any questions. My guess is this is for the more elderly users who are unaware of smartphones. FireFly- This is a really cool technology. I use it now when buying anything. I instantly receive information on whether I'm getting a good deal or not or whether I can buy it for cheaper on Amazon (Occasionally I get other companies but it always has Amazon of course) This feature has saved me quite a bit of money, and of course made Amazon quite a bit as well lol Dynamic Perspective- Complete Gimmick. Its super fun on the home screen and with all the different home screens available, it doesn't get old. Many people often are amazed how it can follow your eyes and body movement so well. However, in almost every other situation, it's an annoyance more than anything. If I'm reading and article and take my eyes off the phone, it scrolls (thinking I'm looking down or up I suppose) that doesn't' happen all the time, but when it does, it's annoying. Apps - They do not have all the apps you're used to from Android and IOS devices, but they will have most/all of the main ones. The ones the Fire Phone didn't have, I was able to find replacements easy enough. Amazon Prime - It came with a year of free Prime and this was my first experience with it, and I absolutely love it. I initially thought prime was JUST "2 day free shipping" but it's so much more, there is music books and my favorite are the prime videos. It's basically like a HULU or NETFLIX, but with the option to buy some of the newer stuff that isn't free. But don't' worry there is a ton of free content as well. I'm currently watching all the seasons of Survivor :) I'm going to definitely renew my prime, I've been in love with that feature. Of course you can get Prime without the Fire Phone, but as it came with a year of free prime, I thought I'd mention it. Camera/Speed/Display/Storage - Camera is 13MP, it has a Quad-Core processor, and display is 4.7 inch with 315 ppi and a 32GB Storage, all for 99 cents, no complaints there. Overall - Where the Fire Phone wins is in the Deal. For .99 Cents you get a modern 13MP Camera, Quad Core Processor, and 32 GB and one year of Amazon Prime (worth about $100) I'm a former IPhone Guy (Last was the IPhone 4S, didn't like the IPhone 5's or 6's) I've had Android Phones before but never really liked any of them. I finally picked up this phone just because the specs were all great and it was a great deal. I love my phone for what it is but it could improve, but you'll be hard-pressed to get a 32GB phone with that Camera and processor AND a year of Amazon Prime for less than $1.
Great Device & Seamless integration The phone was a gift from my spouse. We are very integrated with the Amazon services and content so the phone is a win and makes a lot of sense for us. With the new family library and profiles we are integrated with all our devices for our family. Pros: -Prime music and Prime Stations right in my phone -Prime Instant video, photos, documents, all cloud storage it's available right in the device as well as all my kindle books. -Major apps are available like FB, Twitter, instagram, Pinterest, etc. -Prime subscription is now extended for another year so that is a plus. We use Prime regularly. -Amazon customer service is way awesome. No complaints there as opposed to dealing with other companies that don't care about their customers. -The Mayday feature is great for troubleshooting stuff and finding how things work (it takes time to get used to the device as I transitioned from Apple) it is a blessing for me. I used it the first couple of days frequently and their team was very helpful. Cons: -My main complain: The phone came with an AT&T SIM card but I could not activate the device over the phone or online and had to go to a store. What a waste of time when at the time AT&T was the sole provider. Amazon and AT&T need to work on this, it's annoying to go to store to activate when there is no reason to. -Apps like Runkeeper, Health4me, and others are not yet in the app store. I have a premium subscription to RK so it's a bummer it's not available. I contacted Amazon to request the apps I need. I filled out a form for the development team. Let's see how that works and how long it takes. -Battery life needs to be managed. I learned the hard way the first few days. I changed some of the settings and now I'm good.it's a learning curve same thing happened with the IPhone. Overall it's a good device for me and it fits well into my lifestyle. I like my Fire and how seamlessly I am integrated with all my other family devices. Great purchase.
JUST BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love this phone. I have always had Iphones, so I was very apprehensive to switch to another type of device. The transition from my old phone to this was flawless. I have had my phone since it came out in July and I would recommend it to anyone. I cannot believe there are so many poor reviews for this phone. Yes, it does suck that I cannot use an actual google app, but going to my web browser and typing in google has just become second nature and I have completely gotten over the lack of an actual app. This phone is amazing and is backed by Amazon's wonderful customer service and goes great with all of my other Amazon gadgets (Echo, Firestick, and Kindle). Not to mention all of my Prime music, streaming, and SHOPPING!!! The phone is very user friendly and the screen looks awesome. Just cannot said enough good things about this bad boy! Any early reviews have to be taken with a grain of salt as many things can happen when a phone first comes out that are very quickly taken care of as fare as software updates and additional apps being added to the store.
Environmental Crowd can Go Kiss Ass I gave my wife my Samsung Galaxy 3 phone so I could buy the Fire Phone for myself. I am still getting used to the interface and I am becoming comfortable with the Fire Phone. It does most of the things my Galaxy 3 phone could do but the Fire phone does not support easy use of Drop Box or Google Drive which I use for cloud storage. I like the Firefly feature but on several occasions it did not recognize a product or a song I was researching. The map app is not as robust as Galaxy's or Google's but fairly usable. Overall I am satisfied with the Fire Phone. And as far as the whole DIRTY ENERGY controversy brought up by the environmental crowd, they can GO KISS ASS.
Miniaturized Kindle with Phone Functions This is not a in depth technical review as some other reviewers might write, but mostly a layman's impression of the Fire Phone. In short, this is basically a miniaturized Kindle with phone functions. For those who are familiar with the Kindle and enjoy using it, but don't want to carry a Kindle and a phone at the same time, then the Fire Phone is for you. This phone is definitely geared towards people who use and shop Amazon regularly, or will try and lure non-Amazon people into it. It is not as robust or customizable as other phones as it is missing the Google Play Store. All the apps you can install are only what is on the Amazon app store, which is quite limited in selections. However it has the majority of apps that most people will need for entertainment. The main attraction about the Fire Phone is the Amazon related apps like music, reading, video, shopping, and Firefly function. Those who have used the Kindle will be very familiar with those apps and how it works. The Firefly function admittedly is quite fun to play around with, just point the camera at some object and it will identify what the product is and a link to purchase the item on Amazon. It is fairly accurate, but what was most impressive to me was that it also recognizes songs and TV shows/movies. I have not completely tried the song recognition, but it does recognize most of the songs I've played, so long as the song is available on Amazon's music store. For the obscure songs that Amazon doesn't have on it's music store, it doesn't recognize it. The camera takes decent pictures and is comparable to what all the other phones offer. Let's face it, if you really care so much about picture quality, you'll probably have a real camera to take quality pictures with, but for those spur of the moments where you want to take a picture for memories, it will suffice nicely. The dynamic perspective is neat and interesting, but it's not something you really want to pay attention to other than when you first receive the phone. The dynamic perspective is also very battery intensive, casually using the phone to browse the internet and emails for a few hours and the battery is almost completely drained. Most likely after you've tried this gimmick, you'll want to disable it so you get more life out of your battery. The design of the phone is very basic and simple, not too much to comment on it, but the weight feels fine, size fits comfortable in my hand, and texture is decent and provides a nice firm grip. I personally don't have any need to obsessively stare and use the phone as other people might to treat it as a mini computer. The main function for me is the phone functions and being able to check my emails. Amazon's email app is not as efficient as the iPhone's email, it doesn't sync all the email messages I've read on Outlook, like the iPhone would. So every time I check my email, it just downloads all the emails and shows it as unread, which makes it incredibly inconvenient to know which email I need to look at for work. Another minor gripe I have is that it is not terribly obvious which emails, texts, or phone calls are unread or missed. The letters are bolded, but the bold is very minute and not as easy to detect at first glance. The last issue I have, although I can see why the Fire phone would be like this for privacy issues, but whenever you receive a text, you will only see a notification that you receive a text, but you won't know who or what the text is. Unlike the iPhone, when you receive a text, it will display the text even if the phone is locked, so when you're on the go and receive a text, it is more convenient to bust out the phone and take a quick peek to see whether it's something you should respond to quickly. With the Fire Phone, it makes it extremely inconvenient to have to unlock the phone each time you receive a text just to see what it is. The Mayday function, in concept is very nice. Have not had to use it as everything is quite easy to figure out and maneuver with that I don't need technical help with it. The most redeeming feature of the Fire Phone for me is probably the inclusion of one year of Amazon Prime for free, for those who do a lot of shopping on Amazon, this is really nice.
I like this phone I like this phone, my husband and older children have fire phones, when I went to purchase one for my youngest. I was disappointed that it is no longer available. My son had an issue with his phone right away, he contacted amazon and they fixed it immediately. Occasionally it will freeze, however not like my previous phone. I can say this phone has lasted longer than some previous ones. I have read many negative comments about the phone, I do not agree with any of them. We are a FIRE family, from kindles to phones to tv. We enjoy what AMAZON offers.
Spectacular!!! My new Amazon Fire Phone is so much better than my old Android! My books and music were uploaded with lightning speed! Tilting left or right to bring menus and tilting up or down to scroll is very convenient. No fingers required. The sound quality is wonderful. The camera is great. Functionality is incredible. I'm having so much fun!
Inspirational disappointment, Amazon's Fire OS is just NOT READY! Big mistake! I honestly thought that Amazon would have made something worthwhile, but they think they are the next Apple here and they are simply not. Fire OS does not support the majority of the apps I was looking to use on my new phone and the firefly feature does not recognize most items I have scanned walking around the store or the neighborhood. I returned the phone twice (first was a major defect with calls) and lost $70 in accessories as they were purchased from ATT direct. Word of advice, give Amazon a few years to grow their OS then look at this phone again.
I love this phone! I love this phone!!!! There have been a few minor glitches, but there isn't another phone out there that I'd rather have! I love being able to search on Amazon while shopping in a store, just to make sure I'm getting a great deal. I'm guessing that the minor glitches I've had were due to me not knowing how to work the phone. The best thing about the Fire phone is Firefly/Mayday app. I used it the day I got it, got a great person who helped me do what I wanted to do which was add music (from my Amazon cloud player) to my phone as my ringtone (I've since added several more songs from my Amazon cloud music collection). Did I mention that I love this phone?
Dude, where's my Google? Two cool gimmicks can't make up for colossal problems with this phone. As a rabid Amazon fan, I've been waiting excitedly since the phone's announcement date and was like a kid on Christmas morning when the UPS truck arrived. It didn't take long to realize that the Bezos Santa Claus hadn't read my list this year and I tested it for about a day before giving up and returning it. I come from using a Samsung Galaxy 3 on Sprint and have a long history of Android usage, just for comparison but boy did I really want to like this phone. The good: - The dynamic perspective is a truly interesting feature that works extremely well when one person is looking at the phone. It's weird and fascinating at the same time. Unfortunately, it's a great feature in search of a need since it's only used cosmetically throughout the interface other than Maps which we'll get into soon. - Mayday has near-perfect performance and will be familiar to anyone with a newer Kindle. It's a very functional support concept though you will need it a lot on this phone. - Firefly is fun to watch, if a little slow, though the biggest issue is reminding yourself to switch it on. It identified many of things I snapped, from a pack of gum to a copy of The Week, but it was less successful for TV and video. The photo piece works just like Amazon's scanning app on Android and the music piece is less reliable than Shazam. Still, this feature is good and should be packaged as a separate Android app to other phones if Amazon wants to ship something salable. The bad: - After a brief tutorial on the user interface, I felt like I was using a Windows phone. There's too much scrolling and activity for the very limited options available in the carousel. Customization is also severely lacking. Basically, both Apple and Android have the navigation systems nailed so as a third entrant you'd have to be very innovative to improve those systems and the Fire Fly isn't in this respect. - The Amazon app store is like the Dollar Store next to the Costco - everything is sort of there but cheap and not very good compared to the real thing. I can live with that since I don't use many apps except - and here it is - the Google apps are all completely missing. If you use Gmail, YouTube, Drive, Google+ or any other services, this are completely 100% missing from this phone. The people who designed this phone must be out of their minds. - Additionally, the substitute Google apps are lousy. Once you sign in with your Gmail account, the native Amazon apps access attempt to replace Google functionality. Apart from UI being vastly inferior, these were all buggy - I had invisible emails, too many calendars and endless bogus alerts. - The native Maps app is a repeat of Apple's disastrous map fiasco. Yes, it has 3D views of tall cities, of which there are a handful in the US and hardly any in the rest of the world. More importantly, it's not Google Maps and the navigation is not Google. Somebody should have called Apple before committing to building their own maps since they just repeated all of the same problems. - The battery life is terrible. After 15 minutes of usage, the phone was hot to the touch. My wife's phone was the same, and then we watched the battery meters just plummet. Like the early days of the smartphone, this device won't go for 12 hours straight without a charge and that's when the battery is brand new. I can't go back to that. - It's very Amazon-centric. I order everything on Amazon, I'm their ultimate fan-boy and *I'm* saying there's too much Amazon on this phone. It's basically a Kindle with calling capability, but whereas I buy a Kindle specifically for the Amazon content, a phone needs to be a central point for a range of different services. I need my Gmail, I don't need to watch Caprica season one on Prime Video. - The design, as my wife put it succintly, is ugly. Really pretty ugly actually and I'm not even that fussy. - It's only available on AT&T. Yep, that's right. I'm bitterly disappointed that Amazon obsessed over a couple of admittedly cool technical features and then completely forgot about what customers expect from a smartphone. For most existing users, the lack of Google apps is a complete showstopper and the single catastrophic failure of this phone. For others, the clunky UI and poor battery will be major annoyances. I can't imagine anyone loving this device after using it for a while and certainly the moment I switched back to the Nexus 5, I felt instantly happier. I think this is a disastrously missed opportunity for Amazon and first major misstep in their product line-up. The cell phone space needs more players but not another "walled garden" environment. Although I'm sure they're learn from this soon-to-be-announced epic failure, the big question now is whether the Fire Phone 2 can get people back.
Glad I stuck it out I've had my fire phone just over a month now. For the first few days I was convinced I'd be trading it for another android. I fumbled through normal operations and the phone didn't seem to offer basic features and conveniences. With a little perseverance, I discovered it did have the features I was missing, I just hadn't figured them out. For instance, back. Took me a week to figure out how to go back a screen. Had I taken the time to watch the intro video, I'd have learned sooner. Same with time stamps and other things the 'peek' feature shows. I wasn't happy with the existing email app, but found a good one in the app store. I think it was $3, but the free coins I got with my purchase paid for it -- as well as a few other apps. I'm not a big phone app user, so I haven't found many things I miss, but I'm sure many will be disappointed with the selection. I do miss Snapchat. :( The DP I can take or leave. Beyond the 'wow' factor, it's pretty useless. Firefly is handy. I also like the visual voicemail feature. I find the carousel clunky, but I don't like it on my Kindle, either. Instead I use the home screens, so no biggie there. The phone is on the heavy side. If I'm wearing loose pants and have the phone in my pocket, I have to keep hitching up my trousers. I affixed a screen protector and have had no issues interacting with the screen since then. The tilt screen is a little goofy. It works for some screens, but not others, like Kindle (where it would be most useful). Occasionally the home button doesn't work and I have to restart the phone, but I had the same problem with several androids -- they'd run out of steam, memory, something, and needed a little nudge in the form of a reboot. Same problem. My Kindle does the same thing, so I guess I should have expected this. The keyboard and texting are a strong feature. I swipe text and use the microphone and both are comfortable and work well. The camera takes fantastic pictures. The 'pinch' zoom takes some getting used to. My Sony used the volume buttons. I haven't taken any videos yet. I use the music player quite a bit and the sound quality is excellent. Not totally thrilled with the music player, but I haven't gone looking for a different one. I've watched a few videos and the picture quality is very good. AT&T sent me to their website to transfer my contacts, but they weren't set up to accommodate the Fire. I don't know if that's changed. I still haven't transferred all my contacts, but maybe it was just time to clean house. Battery hasn't been an issue so far, but then I'm not on the phone all the time. What I miss most: Snapchat (as I mentioned); notification light (if I miss a call or message I won't know until I wake the phone up *this is what cost the Fire a star); emoticons within messages; can't block any numbers or automatically send them to voicemail; no main screen background. For those complaining about no Youtube, there is now a Youtube app, and I'm sure more apps will find their way to the store over time. Amazon is pretty good about responding to the demands of their users. I was already locked into AT&T, so no arguments there. The way they have it set up, the Fire didn't cost me any more than most of their other phones would have. WiFi works well, which is more than I can say for my Kindle lately. So, after a month of use, I am satisfied and glad I kept the phone. I have no doubts that Amazon will continue to improve the device and offer users more helpful features. It's probably not for everyone, but it will work just fine for me.
And didn't think I needed a phone like Fire. I am not an APPLE person.. And didn't think I needed a phone like Fire... I do wish I had been able to get the one for $.99 but I didn't.. My hubby keeps trying to steal it... For a non techy person I find it really easy to use.. Mayday is great as is the voice activated app that comes on and tries to understand what you asked.
great smartphone for amazon users I have to say I was a hesitant to purchase the phone, but since I am a heavy user of the Amazon ecosystem, it seemed like the right move. After two days I can honestly say this is great phone...and I have had many including an iPhone 4, 5s and Galaxy s3. The build quality is nice...very similar to an iPhone. Processor is fast and the camera is fantastic. In regards to the battery life, I am going on day 2 and still have a 50% charge with multiple emails and a calender being updated regularly so I don't understand the negative comments as this is far superior to the 5s. The quality of calls is very good, something that my Galaxy really lacked. Now where it really pops is the OS. Again I am an Amazon power user and understand the ecosystem so this is just an extension for me. It truly is like having my Kindle Fire in my pocket with constant access to my videos, music, pictures, books and newsstand. I also like the left and right swiping to give you more information. The only frustration is that not all the Amazon Appstore apps are available, which seems strange, but am sure they will show up soon enough. All this said, I think people forget that when you buy a smartphone you are buying into the ecosystem so if you are into Apple or Android, then keep using them. However for my fellow Amazon and Kindle Fire users, this is the phone for you.
I'm very pleased with the performance of my new Fire Phone I'm very pleased with the performance of my new Fire Phone. It functions similar to any other smart phone but appears to be much less frustrating (sensitive). Others that claim it is a battery hog must not realize it has a quick switch to shut down unused apps that run in the background. There are plenty of apps to choose from. I use mine primarily for a travel and communication (GPS,Weather, Phone,Texting, etc.) device (i don't play games) but they are available. Integrates with FB, Camera is outstanding and saves automatically to cloud where you can retrieve your shots with your PC. Another great plus is, you can read your Kindle selections (when bored in waiting rooms) and listen to Prime Music while traveling when pairing with your car sound system. Voice commands function well too. A little pricey but, have not found anything to dislike about it yet.
As a phone it works just fine. I also have to say that I really ... I have to say that I bought this phone almost entirely for its functionality as a phone, so I don't really care that much about the availability (or lack thereof) of apps, and so I am not commenting on or reviewing that aspect of the phone, with one exception*. As a phone it works just fine. I also have to say that I really enjoy the lock screens with dynamic perspective. I enjoy seeing the new scene each day (obviously, though, this is not enough of an advantage to buy the phone, it's just a little lagniappe). I also am moderately pleased with the ability to shake the phone to change screens, but it doesn't always work smoothly for me. The "firefly" feature hasn't meant that much to me, but I could see circumstances in which it would come in handy; people who do a lot of comparison shopping, for example, might find it really useful. For my purposes I would say that the phone is just a little bit better than I would have expected, and so I am happy with it, especially since I got it for 99 cents. *App exception: Since I don't have a Kindle fire or any android tablet or phone, I'm glad I got this because it let me download the Amazon Echo app in case I get selected (hint, hint Amazon) to purchase an Echo.
I love my Fire Phone! There have been a lot of ridiculous reviews for the Fire Phone, which I find pretty disappointing. I feel like a lot of the bad reviews (aside from the hundreds of spam reviews about renewable energy) are coming from people who are just not taking the time to really use the phone. If you go into using the Fire Phone expecting an iPhone or a Nexus or something, you won't be getting that. To me, though, that is the point of the Fire Phone...it's not meant to be an iPhone or a Nexus. It's its own phone. I've had mine for about a month now, and I love it. While it's clear that this is Amazon's first phone, it has opened up the door for some really amazing features in the future. Personally, I have loved every aspect of dealing with Amazon thus far, and this phone is no exception. The new features are pretty cool, especially Firefly. Here are some of my observations that hopefully will help some people in their decisions about whether or not to go with the Fire Phone: 1. Some people have said that the dynamic perspective is just a gimmick, but this simply isn't true. It's used for some of the scrolling features, and helps the phone adjust to how you're looking at the phone. Some of the stuff is just for fun, such as the home screens and the apps tilting, but there are useful ways that dynamic perspective comes into play. For instance, the Amazon app allows you to just tilt the phone slightly toward you to zoom in and out on a product image. 2. People have complained about the lack of apps, but this is clearly because people don't know how to use the phone. While you can't use Google Play apps, it's true, you are able to still get apps outside of the Amazon App store. You can look up how to do it online; it's fairly simple. 3. I have not had issues with the battery life. I read a review today claiming that some phones last for two days with heavy use, but that sounds like bull to me. I'm able to go an entire day, using my phone regularly, and still have a charge at the end of the day. While I do charge it everyday, I don't agree that it is any worse than other smartphones that get heavy use. 4. I was able to transfer my music, videos, photos, etc. from my iPhone in like three minutes. It was very simple, so I don't know why people are acting like it's impossible. There are instructions right on the Fire Phone product page! 5. The one complaint that I have is that the notifications for apps are not the greatest. I think this harkens back to my iPhone days where notifications would pop up everywhere. The notifications on the Fire Phone are a bit too subtle sometimes, and I will often not realize I have a new message or Facebook notification right away. I am going to do more digging to see if I can remedy that. 6. Lastly, the tilt/swipe functions are not as finicky as everyone says. I've realized that it takes a bit more of a gentle touch to get them to work properly. You don't need to shake the phone much at all to get the side menus to pop up. If you do it too hard, then that's where the problems arise. So, overall, I have had a great experience with my new phone so far. Don't let the bad reviews turn you off to this phone. It takes some getting used to after switching from an iPhone, like I did, but I feel like I've picked up the tricks after playing with it for a while. I would recommend it, if you're looking to branch out...especially if you're an avid Amazon user!
Get Google Play and you will love your Fire phone Screen is fantastic and of course connection to the Amazon ecosystem is great. Battery life isn't nearly as bad as some reviews say. Easy to convert to a great Android phone by installing a third party launcher. I added Google Now and it works like any other Android phone, including "Okay Google" and Google cards (swipe right from home screen). Follow online directions to install Google Play store and get all the apps you want...the real ones, not the make-do Amazon versions. After I did that, I started to love the Fire Phone. It's a bit of a slab but with the great screen and 32 gigs, I can live with that. Absolutely a MUST to get the Google play store. Do that and a lot of the complaints about the phone are moot. As a PHONE it works just fine too. The Google Now launcher is great and YES you can change your background too. And it still works like it should with the Amazon App store too. Since these were rather unpopular you can find them for a good price and with just a little work you can make it a great phone. I feel kind of silly with a review of something they don't sell anymore but it's unfairly unappreciated...mostly by people who don't have a clue how to easily make it a great device.
Fast and good battery life, lacks apps Phone is very fast. A lot of the apps available on other platforms are not available through the Amazon app store, which is the main drawback. Otherwise, of the apps that are on there, I haven't had problems with any crashing or having glitches. The battery life is very good. Even with streaming music through Amazon Prime, the phone lasted a while workday. The tilting of the screen for some features takes a bit of getting use to, but can be helpful, especially when trying to do stuff one handed. Overall very happy with my Fire Phone.
Know what your buying. I am Kindle fan and my whole family owns Kindles. Except for the newest Kindle we have had every generation. Being that as it is I am aware of the differences in the devices. I have owned Iphones, Androids and Blackberrys. This phone is a great disappointment. I can honestly say I regretted buying no more than a hour after laying my hands on it. I will list Pro's and Cons to be fair. Pros: -Cool 3D display but really isn't all that helpful. Good for showing off to your friends. -Great camera. Allows for panoramic shots and the clarity is very nice. -Descent Battery life. -Firefly is cool but gets boring quick. Failed to identify easy media selections. Cons:- Muddled interface. Quick launch icons on top instead of bottom like every other phone I have used. -Ringtones are a pain and it's 50/50 chance imported ringtones will work. Poor default collection. -Poor App support. No BoA app, No Zedge, Crappy Craigslist app. Most of the apps I used on my Galaxy are not available. No support for any Google products or services. Hell apps I used on my Kindle are not available either. Fire OS is a Android based OS. Common sense would dictate open that market to their customers, not happening they just don't care. The only way would be to Root the device, not a good idea. The Fire OS is just different enough to screw with some apps and updating will be a pain if even possible. Maybe someone like the guys who created Cydia will help. -Music search doesn't work well. -Very little customizing available. -Inconsistent call volume Before I get hate messages, I purchased this with realistic expectations, so far the phone fails to meet any of them. I have never been so underwhelmed in my life with technology.
Five Stars Great phone! Cool graphics. Mayday rocks.
My New Found Love I told my boyfriend that I have found a new love-my new Amazon Fire Phone :) I'm loving my new phone I have not 1 complaint it holds a good charge for along time a lot of my other phones I'd be having to charge by mid-day after I already charged it that night before I went to bed &I love the may-day feature if you need any help you click on it and you get a live person they can't see you but you can see them & they can actually go right threw your phone features while your on it with them and assist you with stuff and teach you & assist you with any features your not sure of or need help with or if the phone might be having any technical issues so I enjoy that perk & I got 12 months free Amazon Prime which gives you free movies & music for 1 year on Amazon Prime which also gives you the free 2-day shipping choice on Amazon Prime Orders, so that was a nice gift because if you purchase Amazon Prime on your own it will cost you $100.00.It comes with a great, sharp looking hands-freeheads set with a great sound I use it to talk on while driving when I dont wanna use my Bluetooth +I even use it to listen to music from my phone + laptop+ what a great sound. The phone is easy to learn & I'm bad with new phones! I have had no bad issues thus far.. It is nice looking & has a great sound and takes a very nice picture & video.I'm loving all the neat features.. I have had a lot of different phones & this is by far my Favorite yet. FOLLOW UP; 2 months in with my Amazon Fire Phone and I do not like 2 things 1 is the app situation I wish I read the reviews shame on me lol but you can not get any apps on google play you now are stuck with only amazon apps store, now they do have many of the everyday apps such as facebook,ebay,twitter,instagram, but many are not avalable and some are similiar versions of what your looking for kinda like a knock off purse.. so do your research on what apps are a must have in your everyday life cause my bank is not on there or a few very good photo editing apps I like and now have only versions of them and some apps not even there and you can not use google play store no longer.. and I take back the battery life is great is not i is so so I have to charge my phone every single night and once in awhile another time during the day if I use it a little more but there are a lot of battery saving tips such as turn down screen brightness turn off or uninstall some pre-installed apps you do not use that yu can uninstall without hurting phone and download battery doctor or a silmilar app but I still like my new phone but I want to cheat on you when at 1st I only loved you!! :) will keep phone a year then gonna have to buy another this one comes free with signing up with ATT&t service so if you switch to them and request this phone it is free and Prime comes free 1 year with all purchases of the Amazon Fire..
like your kindle, then.... I am not very tech savvy but love my kindle. The fire phone has the same format so I didn't have to learn another device. I also love being able to access all my kindle items via the phone. This is my first smartphone and I looked at several, including my husband's samsung galaxy 4s, but this one seemed the easiest to use.
Easy for first time smart phone user, a LOT of free music This is my first smart phone, and naturally, it is incredibly better than my last one! LOL - well, it's got to be! I have Fire tv and a fire hdx tablet - so, it seemed logical to get a firephone. It was really cheap ($30 some odd dollars) - and then, I got a free year of Prime. You might say I made money with this phone. The pictures are wonderful. The voice recognition seems more limited than I've seen in iphones (what would I know). This I do know. You cannot load android apps, other than those made specially for firephone. So you're screwed, unless you load them sideways? - there's a way to load them. What a lot of trouble! Whenever you see a useful app online - it's going to be google play. And you can't use those (or you can, but if they do something bad to your phone, it's on you). If you have an amazon fire/kindle household (as I do) - it is quite sensible to get a firephone. If you don't, then I guess at this point you shouldn't. Don't get me wrong - I love my phone - wouldn't trade it. I can flip back and forth with all my other fire stuff. And I believe (I hope) Amazon sticks with this, and gives us more and better things in the future, as I have made an investment in their "system". I don't know how you can beat all the free music. I'll never buy a song from ITunes again - and this makes me strangely happy. I've spent a lot of money on Itunes. Oh, you can't just download your itunes songs either. I think you have to convert them to (MP3?) - I'm not sure. With all the playlists available from Prime, I haven't even gotten around to looking into that.
The only thing I am not happy about is that I lost my Google Play programs I this phone because I was interested in the features and the amount of storage on it. I am so tired of putting things on my phone and finding out that I have remove something else or move it or whatever so that I can use the newest thing. THIS SOMETIMES happened even when I was trying to do and up date. The only thing I am not happy about is that I lost my Google Play programs, but I can live with that in hope that sometime in soon Amazon will make these things avaible
Works great and can't beat the price with Prime Works great and can't beat the price with Prime. Nice interface that's easy to navigate. Good number of apps but could use more. Silk browser is so-so. Camera is very basic. Firefly works well, but isn't all that useful. Nice to identify a song you hear but other than that? The tilt, swivel and peek features work well, especially the swivel which gives you context sensitive menus. Dynamic perspective is cute but not really useful. It's well made with a solid feel, but I went for the Supcase Unicorn Beetle Pro protective case which fit's like a glove.
Updated: Now I actually like this phone LOL UPDATE: I have had a change of luck. They finally replaced the phone with a new one and I have had no issues with it so far. I guess the first batch might have had issues. I can only speculate. Now that this one is fully functional, I re-rated it back up to a 4. Ill change it to a five in a month if no issues arise. I have trained myself to always have a power cord handy, but noticed that if I am jumping from wifi spot to the next, or using FB messenger a lot it is what drains it consistently. I have a case this time too haha. --------------------------------------------------------------- Well I wanted to like this thing but alas it was not meant to be. I usually do not complain or even bother getting upset over things, but this phone is basically a brick. I have been in constant contact with support since it came out late July with no reassurance that it will be fixed. Ive been on chats, numerous phone calls, and the occasional email back and forth, still nothing. It is September 9th as of this review. My OS crashes constantly to the point where I have to reset the phone ~3x daily. Once it crashed for 3-4 minutes all while making this high pitched sound and it wouldn't power down. Awkward at work... The technicians asked me to do a full reset wiping out most of my apps, and then re-installing them sent me over my data limit. I hate money anyways :D The keyboard locks up, requiring a reset. It disappears entirely or just freezes. Always at work at the worst possible time. I am a super at a job site, my phone is critical. The icons lock up and the screen freezes constantly. If I was on my phone typing this, well, I never would gotten this far. My camera is fuzzy because dust is collecting behind/inside my lens. Battery life is pretty bad, unless you dont use the phone. On standby it lasts a long time, but if you text or FB messenger it will suck the life out of it. When the thing works I love it, but for the other 85% of the day I hate it. I was literally about to return it when I broke it out of frustration. I guess it was meant to be.
I got my new Fire!!!! Now perhaps my review is premature, but I think I love this phone...always had iphones, and loved them...but as i tinker with this and had my more tech savvy family members help me with it, this phone is Awesome! Also...not to shabby, you get a year of prime included, and yes I know we pay for everything, but this phone is so worth it. I am looking forward to learning the ropes, and its really a beautiful screen, and the color and resolution is wonderful. Ill post again when i have had it for more than 24 hours...hope you all will post helpful hints lol. also...not dissing the iphone...still in love the iphone...but....the fire has a very user friendly software.
Great device! I love my Fire phone and made sure I used it for over a month before writing a review. I use apps from Google and have access to features that I had on my Samsung Galaxy. The battery life is excellent and device heat is not a problem as some reviews indicated. It has been very dependible and I have never had it "freeze" which is more than I can say for my Galaxy. My only wish is that the telephone calling features were broader. I added an App to block some numbers but wish that was a standard option.
Love my fire phone. I can honestly say it is the best cell phone I have ever owned. Like the phone quite well. Like being able to scroll up or down a list without dragging my finger up and down the screen. Also left and right side panels to each screen with the flip of the wrist. The 3D screen saver that changes everyday to a different scene. Sound quality of the phone very good, and voice command works great. Really large storage capacity compared to other phone. Overall feel and appearance of phone is that of good quality. The camera on the phone takes better pictures than any previously owned smartphone. Also protective cases for the fire phone are less expensive than other phones I have owned and are very good quality. Also everything I do on my fire phone like pictures and contact lists are automatically backed up on my kindle fire HDX tablet. I will buy this phone again if kindle starts selling it again
... the fire phone has come under a barrage of bad reviews and publicity I know some may see that I am giving this phone 5 stars and immediately ignore this as I know the fire phone has come under a barrage of bad reviews and publicity. I waited until recently to pick up this phone, first because my upgrade from AT&T wasnt available yet, and secondly because I hadnt quite decided if I wanted to buy it yet. I have now had the phone for a little while, and I have to say that overall, I love this phone. Before this, I was almost strictly with iPhone's, but I have been a strong Amazon supporter since the begining. I was already aware of the application limitations that many complain about, but I point out that the kindle IOS (on the fire as well) runs off of a modified Andriod IOS. This means that while you do lose the google support, you can actually sideload the apps you really want that arent available on the Amazon appstore, and you still retain the Amazon assistance, which is quite substantial in itself. The battery life of the phone isnt that great, but the fire phone comes with several capabilities, including the ability to actually determine what specifically is draining your battery life. Dynamic perspective is awesome to use, but if you arent needing it you can shut it off and that by itself helps conserve battery life. Plus, lets face it people, unless you modify your phone or buy an extended battery/case, most smart phones require an additional charge each day regardless of who made it, plus this phone lasts as long as its competetor's models with it being a 1st generation. For those that complain about the music factor, again you can import music from itunes, or any other music program, plus if you have Amazon prime, you have access to Amazon Music, which is as cheap as it is on itunes, plus some of its free with Prime. You cant beat free. Firefly is the first of its kind identifying software, capable of identifying songs, shows, and almost anything, with also taking away having to manually type things in for better ease of service. With upgrades to that particular software down the road, who knows what the capabilities are? I look forward to the development of that particular piece of software. I know I already touched on the draining power of dynamic perspective, but the actual capabilities of the software are impressive and neat. It unclutters the screen in some cases, and games designed with dynamic perspective add a new element that make it overall more fun to play with. While the initial cost of the fire phone wasnt that great, the current cost of the phone isnt bad, and when you factor in you can now buy it unlocked AND that it still comes with a year's subscription to Amazon Prime, you really cant beat it. There is bad things about this phone. I wont deny that, but you will find problems with *any* brand of phone out there. No one brand is tailored to meet everyone's needs. For those that are heavy Amazon consumer's though, this phone is perfect. Yes, I have issues here and there with the phone, but not any that either I cant figure out how to overcome (battery life and availability of apps) or that I probably wouldnt have found in another phone anyway. I love my Fire Phone, and look forward to the Generation 2 model.
Amazon, don't stop making phones. This is for Amazon. Don't give up on making a phone. This phone is actually pretty awesome. Firefly, amazing. Mayday, incredibly useful. Auto-scrolling on websites, the feature I never knew I needed and am now disappointed no other phone has. The camera is good and the integration into the Amazon ecosystem is as good as your tablets. There are features here that no other phone has and a lot to love. This is a really good phone. Here's where it went wrong. App availability is too limited. For example, I can get an app from United Airlines, but not Delta. Add more mainstream apps from companies people interact with daily. Get more bank apps or similar. The phone runs Android, but it can't download Google apps. However, the lack of Google, Apple, or Microsoft apps is an ecosystem problem. I use an iPhone only because everyone I talk to regularly, owns an iphone. To get me off an iPhone means pulling me away from their ecosystem. You introduced instant video on the iphone. Now I buy movies/tv shows with Amazon. You came out with Amazon Prime Music. Goodbye iTunes music. Kindle app, no ibooks for me. Unlimited photo back up. No need for icloud storage. Here's what's left. Text messages, facetime, VOIP, shared notes for grocery lists. The trick here is to keep introducing apps that allow people to break out of their ecosystem. If I can do video calls as reliably and easily with iphone users as when using facetime, then I won't be tied to the iphone. If you take the same approach to phones as you have with tablets you might find more converts. That is, inexpensive hardware with expandable storage. Sell it unlocked and not tied to a carrier. I bought the phone simply because having an inexpensive, unlocked, smart phone had value for me regardless of whether or not I could find a specific app. The Amazon ecosystem is really good. Having a phone that integrates into the ecosystem will be valuable. You just have to make it easier to move from other ecosystems that are very well established. Don't give up yet.
A great phone Probably not really helpful now that it is not available but will write a review anyway. - In short I like it. It is a great phone. - The user interface is really good, much easier to use than android. You just need to learn 4 gestures to access the left and right menus, the top quick access menu and the gesture for the back option. It is so easy that a newborn could learn it. - My life does not depend of any app, so I don't care you can't install the google market or whatever it is called. Most popular apps are available and, you can always manually install other apps. - I need to write about firefly, It is one of the best apps in this phone. You can identify movies, songs, products and, the best of all, you can just convert any text in a book, magazine, newspaper into pure text. Just point your camera to the paragraph and... that is all. Copy the text to your article or homework and you are done. It can also read 1D and 2D bar codes. - the camera is great, I mean, It is 13MP what else can you ask. Some people, in any review, just say the colors are off or something like that. Maybe their eyes are really special or something but, cameras on most phones are good. - The screen is great too. No problems there, good resolution. In fact I do not see much difference with the lcd on my nokia N8. Cant understand why people complain about lcd resolutions. Beside the size, there is really not a single difference between the lcd on the N8, fire phone and Lumia 635, or any other phone with a higher resolution than the fire phone (unless your eyes are really special) . - The phone plays videos without problems. I have tried .mp4 and .avi and they play well. Nice video quality. - Dynamic perspective, I don't really find it that useful. I keep it off to save battery. - One problem with this phone is that the battery is not so easily replaceable. Amazon does not seem to have batteries available either. It is a shame because with the hardware specs this phone is good for at least 5 years, probably more. When the time comes I will try to replace it because this should work fine for more than 5 years. - it is a shame that people is so easily manipulated by the media that this phone was pictured as trash. It is a great phone, looks and feel good quality, great hardware specs so yes, it is a shame. On the other hand, thanks to that I was able to get a great phone really cheap. There are no decent phones at a good price. - Maybe a bit big for me but, only big phones are available these days. The funny stuff is that when dell released the streak 5 everyone was saying it was too big, too cumbersome to use it as phone blah blah blah. Now people only buy 5 inches or more and they are happy. who can understand people? I can't. - One thing I wish more phones had is the lock/ unlock button used in the nokia N8. That is the best way to lock / unlock a phone. Manufacturers should look at those great solutions implemented in different phones and keep them. They are always reinventing the wheel for some reason. - I think many people are missing real keyboards but, they are gone. It is not like before, you had many options to choose from, clam shells, sliders, candy bar but now, it is just a bloody touchscreen. I am amazed they still use a physical power button. We need something like the nokia E7. - No phone is perfect but, this one is great. Just hoping I can replace the battery when the time comes.
Thanks, Amazon! Keep up the great work! Finally, transfer from Alltel to At&T is complete, I get to use my new fire phone. We have 2, my husband & I got them at the same time. Makes it easier for both us on this learning curve. I am really surprised at all the bad/negative reviews. Maybe this is easier for us, since we both had Kindles. It has been made abundantly clear to me anyway, that in order to enjoy this phone or a kindle for that matter, you need prime. Seriously....I can't understand why you wouldn't have it. We are pretty dedicated to Amazon, and you become more dedicated with prime. Considering my experience with Kindle, I got the phone as I knew that Amazon has great customer service, & what I would call an excellent selection of apps. Ecosystem is the correct term, I-phone is to apple, etc. & now, on to the phone; specs, likes, dislikes etc.... It's big. I favor that as it is easier to see. It's pretty heavy, which will make it a little tricky to shove in a jeans/shirt pocket. Here is a huge tip: go to ebay for your accessories; same with kindle. They are just fine, have a huge selection and are usually less than half the price of Amazon's accessories. Why this is, I don't know. Another huge tip, forgo the screen protector. Unfortunately they mess up the phones sensors which make it go black during a call. Hard to hang up without the end call button being visible. I opted for the clutch wallet style w/magnetic clasp. Does a fine job of keeping screen safe. Battery life, meh. not so great. I'm used to charging my phone at most 3 days a week. Now, it is a daily task. I'm not a real heavy user, but I do text on a daily basis, & plan to use it exclusively for my day planner. On the plus side, it charges pretty quick. I think getting a car charger is a good idea. Tutorial, vs written instructions. Again, meh. The tutorial was pretty good, and shows you if you are doing the correct actions. I prefer the written instructions, and found a good pdf on line to down load for my other questions. You'll remember I mentioned learning curve in first paragraph, no? Exactly...download the pdf, you won't be sorry! Also stumbled across info to add my ringtone to the list. Sweet! Camera/video, oh, yeah, you betcha! Won't be bothering with buying a new digital camera anytime soon, I can tell you that. This baby rocks in both camera and video mode. Display is great too. I figure the Kindle tablets were the starting point for the fire phones. I could make calls on my Kindle & thought the camera was pretty cool, & am very glad to see the fires came with both back & front cameras. Audio-call quality is fabulously clear. Those of us in Alltel/At&T transition have suffered with crap call quality for 6 months or so. Really sad, considering it was good before the merger. The audio for everything else is good too. Screen responsiveness-it's touchy...I have been using the stylus for texting, but only for texting. The rest of it, I don't need one for. Amazon did a fine job with their entry into the phone market. I'll buy another, for sure. At&T is an unknown commodity at this time for us. I see a lot of people don't care for them. We didn't have much say so...but I'm very willing to give them a try if it means getting a fire phone. BTW, I am not affiliated with Amazon in anyway, like having stock or a relative working for them. I pay my prime membership every year but not this year thanks to the prime promo offered with the phone! UPDATE*********************************** Ok, things did not go as planned after the review. Not at all. For some bizarre reason, wi-fi quitting working on my phone. NO connections would show up. At&T worked with me, and we did the reset thingy, to no avail. I know a lot of folks give At&T a hard way to go, but they really put some troubleshooting effort into this. Sooo, I called Amazon. We did same thing (as At&T), with same results. They had me to download and send some crash/event logs, & promised to get back with me. Not so much...that shocked me as I have never had a problem with Amazon's customer service. It was pretty straight forward to me, but I kept getting reps who drug this out for about 3 days. All I want was to exchange the phone for one that worked, & I was getting the run around. "Our techs are checking into this, it may take awhile." Not so handy for me. But luckily, this ends well...on the 4th call to Amazon, I got lucky and Wyhela J took my call. She is beyond awesome! She said, no problem, we'll exchange; it's all good. & guess what? New phone has worked exactly like it is supposed to. I do want to mention battery life is better than I figured it would be. I'm guessing too, the learning curve & potentially the other phone had issues. Believe it or not, I do recommend this phone & would buy another!
Solid device, exclusive content, worth a consideration especially if Prime subscriber. Google Play: 1.3 million apps App Store for Apple: 1.2 million apps Amazon App Store: 250,000 apps plus Prime: 1+ million FREE songs, 40,000+ FREE movies and TV shows, 500,000 FREE books (borrow), FREE 2-Day shipping on 20+ million items and a FREE paid app every day (plus 1,000 free coins ($10 value) to spend on any paid app). So, let me start out by saying, I upgraded from a Galaxy S3 and my work phone is an iPhone 4. Not the latest and greatest, so the Fire Phone is a definite improvement (spec wise), but that's not why I'm writing this review. I bought the phone on launch day. Yes, the $200 price tag was a bit steep (with a contract), but AT&T's plan was $20/month cheaper than my previous plan and I had a Galaxy S3, it was time for an upgrade. Reasons aside, I have really grown to love this phone. First off, I am an Amazon Prime customer. I was going to pay $100 to renew my Prime subscription in October anyway, so the "free" Prime extension was a definite incentive to test out a phone with no existing predecessor. So, after almost 2 weeks of owning the phone, these are my thoughts: First and foremost, the weaknesses. The phone had no Google apps. Did I care? Not really. I rarely used them on my Galaxy S3 phone. Besides, I can access everything Google by just signing on through a web browser. I just set it as a shortcut on my Silk browser and I rarely notice a difference. The Gmail app is the only exception because of the lack of filters on Amazon's email app. However, I do like the ability to see my most recent emails on the home screen without opening the app and it color codes each email so you can tell which account it was sent to (if you have multiple email accounts set up). Which is nice because I have work emails and non-gmail emails set up and they can all be conveniently accessed on the same app. So, I can still use Google maps, access my Gmail, update my Google+ account (but who cares, really?) and do everything else Googly related without having to download the app. I was able to even sync all my Google contacts and Facebook by simply adding those accounts to My Accounts settings on the phone. The only thing that actually took circumventing was my photos from my Galaxy S3 phone. Only about 5% of the photos got moved over (which I'm not entirely sure why) but a simple install of AT&T transfer app took care of that once and for all. The last two glaring weaknesses of the phone are related; the battery life and the ability for the phone to all but melt due to overheating. First off, let me say the heat is noticeable, however, it isn't going to leave burn mark on your hands. The reason I'm not overly concerned is that, in any other electronic device that overheated, a noticeable performance lag was immediately followed. Think XBox 360 where the screen would freeze mid-game or it would shut down. Enough of these and it would inevitably be followed by the Red Ring of Death. The phone definitely heats up, but I noticed no such lag or performance degradation at all when this happened. Meaning, I had very little worry that the phone is going to just stop working (and even if it did, I'm well within my warranty window). What I can say is that, while most phones have a heat shield and plastic backings to protect the all so delicate hands of the user, the Fire Phone has gorilla glass which is a poor choice of dispersing heat and, instead, transfers it directly to the user's hand in a centralized location. How did I bypass this discomfort? I purchased an insulated case. Now I barely notice it at all. But that doesn't solve the other issue which is battery consumption. Despite the Fire Phone's decent sized 2400 mAh battery, using it with dynamic perspective turned on not only heats the phone up, but also shortens its use time. I found roughly 7-9 hours with moderate to heavy use. How do I get around that? Well, first off, the only things that currently use dynamic perspective heavily are mostly game apps. I don't play them for that long. If I do start playing a game and the phone starts getting hot, I exit the game. I don't normally kill 2+ hours on a mobile app game. For that I have my tablet and/or my PS4. I charge the phone at night and it usually lasts me a whole day. This is doing normal stuff like checking email, Facebook, making phone calls, sending text messages and playing a few rounds of candy crush or similar game. So, not a huge deal. When I want to play a game that uses the dynamic perspective feature (i.e. Republique, To-Fu Fury, Planet Puzzles, Amazing, Saber's Edge, Rubik's Cube...) I simply plug it in when the battery gets low. NOTE: I'd like to point out that the phone does not get as hot as it did the first day I got it. Maybe it needed to break in or maybe it was doing a lot of processing to set things up the first time. Now the good stuff, without spouting technical aspects you've all undoubtedly heard/read already. Dynamic Perspective is anything but gimmicky. Let me start off critiquing a lot of reviewers starting out with they showed it to their friends and aside from an initial "aww" factor, their friends or coworkers weren't all that impressed. This should not even be a consideration. My friends don't use my phone. I use my phone, so as long as I find it entertaining/useful, then my opinion should be the only one that matters (exclusions, of course, apply to significant others). Friends and coworkers will never be excited for something they do not own. So their reaction will be cursory, at best, and should hold little weight over my opinion of a personal product like a smartphone. That being said, the best feature to exploit this is through games, for now, but it gives a certain level of "fun" to even navigating your phone. You can turn it off, but it has never bothered me or even made me nauseous, like some have claimed. It takes a minute to getting used to the gestures, but there is a definite "sweet spot" where you can minimize the gestures and simply tilt your head slightly to get the scrolling effect or certain other controls to work (like Peek). I keep it on all the time and some people complain that they can't view their battery power or connection status unless they are on the lock screen. This is not true, you can view it at any time (save for when launching an app) and I find the cleaner look without all the specs to give a "full screen" feel. If you turn off dynamic perspective, it looks just like every other phone (boring). Also, despite the fact the screen is only 720p, it is crisp and clear and looks leagues better than my Galaxy S3 or the iPhone 4S. In fact, the screen is gorgeous and comparable to any new phone on the market. So, no complaints there. The camera feature is neat. I have never had a phone respond so quickly to snapping pictures. Many times, my kids would do something and I wanted to take a pic only to miss out on the moment because I first had to wake up my phone, put in my pin on the lock screen, tap on the camera icon and wait for the app to load. Now, I just press the camera button and within 1-2 seconds, the camera launches ready for pics (even while in sleep mode). The camera is only 13 MP but it takes full 1080p video resolutions and it has an auto sensing feature that selects the best settings, on the fly, to take the best pictures. Definitely way better than my Galaxy S3 and cleaner than the iPhone 4S. Some critics compare it better than the Galaxy S5 and iPhone 5 but I have no basis for comparison. Firefly is a neat concept, though not entirely ground breaking. It recognizes songs and actors nearly flawlessly (when pointing it at a TV) and it even scans and recognizes bar-codes really well. The only thing it needs improvement on is scanning products. Most products that can stand alone are fine. But a lot cannot be identified without their packaging. Which makes sense. I can't point firefly at my living room TV and expect it to differentiate it from the thousands of other 50" TVs out on the market. But I can scan the box it came in and have it pull up the correct one on Amazon. Same goes for stuff like microwaves, toaster ovens, etc. The technology is new, it needs time to mature. I heard rumored that an update for Firefly will allow it to be used as a translator. That would be neat. I know Google is working on a similar feature. Would be exciting to see who breaks ground first. Everything else about the phone is on par with every other phone on the market. The text messages are simple, the phone calls are crisp and clear. (My only complaint in this department is the microphone placement on the phone is on the bottom. Which means that if I tilt the phone any number of degrees away from my mouth, it makes it significantly harder for the other party to hear me. I have to hold the phone nearly flush to my face for the mic sensitivity to pick up the sound.) The app store is great. Yes, Amazon only has 250,000 apps and Play store and iPhone store has 1 million+. Don't care. I cannot/would install a million apps on my phone. The necessities are there and whatever I need that isn't on Amazon, I can always find a substitute. The majors are there (minus Google) but again, I can always circumvent them if they are not (side-load?). Finally, the real reason to consider the Fire Phone. Content. The OS for the phone, in my opinion, is more stable than Android. Yes, flagship phones work great, but Android is designed to work on a multitude of phones with control being given to service providers where one phone can get a KitKat update while another has to wait months or perhaps never receive it all. The Fire OS is designed for one line of devices and it works well. Excluding the first generation of Kindle, I have never had any issues with any app I installed from the Amazon app store on a Kindle or Fire device. It's essentially the same level of expectancy from an Apple device as far as content is concerned. I can't count the amount of times I have uninstalled an app from the Play store on my Galaxy S3 because it stopped working or it froze on me. This made it where I never bought anything from the Play store for fear I would be wasting my money. I have no such fear from Amazon. But above all this, the Prime membership is the biggest selling point. Instant access to 10's of thousands of movies and shows, millions of songs, free 2-day shipping, free books in the kindle library and Amazon just keeps adding the perks. I love the fact that I don't have to download much of anything on the phone itself, leaving my 20+ gigs completely free for homemade videos and apps. Everything else is stored in the cloud and I can stream for basically free. If you had music saved on your old phone, you can transfer it wirelessly or via USB to the fire phone. But if you've ever purchased any digital media on Amazon, it is all accessible from the cloud plus millions more you never thought you'd like or knew about for you to consume at your leisure. Of course, you can do a good portion of this on a regular android device by just installing Amazon apps, but you can't get some of the exclusive features of the Fire OS like borrowing books from the Kindle library, downloading Prime movies and shows for offline viewing or play any of the Fire Phone exclusive apps which, though few, are extremely high quality and with Amazon's developer incentives, are rapidly growing. In closing, the Fire Phone has a few flaws, but they are not, by any means, what I consider a deal-breaker (save for the AT&T exclusivity as some people may not have coverage or are locked under contract with their current provider). It may not be top of the line (spec wise) but where it lacks it makes up for it with solid performance, stability and state of the art features never before seen from any other phone on the market. Is it worth full price? Probably not for everybody, especially if you're not a Prime subscriber. But if you want the most out of your Prime membership, a solid device, exclusive access to new and up-and-coming features from your favorite online retailer, then it is perfect. I am a Prime subscriber ($99/year) and I have Netflix ($108/year). Netflix may have more programming available, but there's a lot of 3rd party independent programs out there (especially for kids) that I don't care for. Prime has all the stuff I grew up with and more added every day. I find myself using Netflix recently to only watch Netflix exclusive shows. But rather than paying $108 per season, it's much more economical to pay the $20 (on Amazon) to purchase the new season as it comes out. So, with the free prime membership and cancelling my Netflix service, I get a free phone with a cheaper plan and all the above mentioned Prime member benefits in the first year. TIP: For those that say there's no back button, simply swipe from the bottom of the app window up and it will go back. Similar to Windows 8, swipe down from top feature.
I don't know what all the crap is with these other reviews but I've had this ... I don't know what all the crap is with these other reviews but I've had this phone for a few days and I keep waiting for something to fail me or disappointment--or something. Yeah, no deal. The phone is easy to use, downloads all the apps I normally use, and generally works awesome. Some of the reviews complained about the battery. It does charge slowly when hooked up to anything besides the actual amazon plug, but when it does get all charged up, the thing lasts as long as any other smartphone. Longer than my old Samsung S3 and my iPhone. Some complaints also came in about not being able to adjust or change music when the phone is locked, like many phones do. This one does too. It might have been from the newest update I just downloaded, but it works great. And with all the audible books I listen to and the prime music that I am now discovering is totally awesome, I have definitely tested it thoroughly. I don't see the problem. I've never been able to adjust to a phone so quickly and easily. What can I say: it's awesome.
I love this phone. I have had a variety of phones over the years, and just recently left my iphone for the fire. I love this phone. It is super user friendly and just plain old fun to play with. I usually need reading glasses to see my phone, but with the dynamic perspective of the fire I don't need them. It works great with my vehicles audio system for talking and receiving texts, plays music on demand, and is driver friendly as to not distract the driver while driving. I am a horrible picture taker, but now all the pictures I have taken have come out great. I like the battery life, in that I charge it at night while I sleep and use it all day at work to make phone calls and hot spot for my tablet, and I still have enough battery to play music on the drive home and while cooking dinner. i don't miss google and firefly is pretty useful where I might have missed google. It is a change from the norm, and I don't like change too often, but fire made it fun and easy.
One Star reviews hijacked by the politically correct. Was checking reviews of the p;hone and saw a huge number of one star ratings. My first thought was that Amazon really produced a lousy phone. My second thought was to read the reviews and see what the problem was. After reading the low rated reviews I saw that the rating had been hijacked by some self absorbed 'environmentalists'. Obviously it was an organized effort with review after review that followed a scripted pattern. The negative posts had nothing to do with the phone itself. It was about the power sources used for 'cloud' functionality. I guess they prefer those hideous wind turbines that not only are a huge distraction while driving but also kill birds Before the hate mail floods in let me say I am environmentally responsible. I grow fruit and vegetables in my yard. I drive a fuel efficient car. I recycle everything. Get the picture? Bottom line - read the real reviews and vote down these garbage reviews.
Sadly Disappointed :( Wow I thought what a great deal on the Amazon Fire phone boy was I wrong. I just received the phone Wednesday night September 10th. Im not happy with the purchase. It gets extremely hot for no reason I had the phone on for maybe 25 mins and it was burning my hand. Also if you are use to Android phones this is definitely not the phone for you. Maybe I will check it out again in the future if its still around. I'm definitely sending it back its so not worth the $0.99 I used to purchase it. I should have read the reviews first so my mistake I know better next time. Oh by the way I love Amazon just not a fan of this phone :(
I like it more each day I like it more each day. There are features I wish were better. For instance when the phone displays a facebook notification in the slide down top menu it should be a clickable link that takes you too the actual app. Also, I think the phone display should come on to the lock screen when there are notifications so that I can just see what it is without having to open the phone and unlock it every time I receive a notification. Also, the carousel should have a massive remove from carousel option like the kindle fire does to make for quick straightening up of the main display. And the "remove app from phone" option should be removed from the carousel completely. It's too close to the other buttons and its annoying to accidentally click that button and have to reinstall apps. The hand gestures for pulling down the top menu and the side menus could be tweaked. Accidentally dropped the phone trying to flick out the side menu. The firefly button doesn't actually recognize EVERYTHING. It didn't recognize my cat. I like the display features on carousel items like recent text messages and phone calls, however, I think more thought should go into what is displayed there. When it's suggesting more games for me to play or other random books that I don't care to read, I just find it annoying at that point. But that feature is somewhat easy to ignore. I really like the quick switch between apps button. I like the side menus with the weather and easy access to amazon books and things. I didn't know this before buying the phone but a really cool features is that when you purchase something through amazon the right panel displays information about when the item ships and delivers. And the voice recognition/voice command feature is the most accurate I've ever used. I'll be honest it took some time to get used to. But as I've learned the little tricks and features I'm really liking the interface experience more than any phone I've used before.
Great Phone, if you add Google Playstore and sideload a launcher! I researched it quite a bit since I was not in a hurry. I am coming from an iPhone 4. I am not a heavy user, mostly texting, calls, email, web, some apps, not a lot of games. I bought an unlocked, new Fire phone on eBay for $125 (included 1 year of Prime, so essentially $25) after they disappeared on amazon. I got it connected to my cell provider (Ting) and played around with it a bit. I did not like the OS within minutes I could tell it was clunky with strange navigation. From my research I knew most likely I was going to want to add Google Play Store and load a launcher (an app which mimics a regular Android interface). It took about 3 hours and I had the phone loaded with Google Play Store, Chrome Browser and the Vire launcher, plus all the corresponding apps I used on my iPhone. It works great! None of it was difficult, just following step by step instructions; loading a couple apps, downloading and installing a few files in the correct order. So essentially I now have an upper-mid hardware Android for $25! Here are a couple warnings, though: I have found 2 Playstore apps (out of about 20 I loaded) which did not work well on the Fire Phone. I was able to find replacements that worked just as well, though. If you need a glass screen protector make sure it has a hole for the proximity sensor! If it doesn't it will make phone calls challenging because the screen will not stay on! Swiping Up from the bottom to go back is weird and takes some getting used to. Besides those issues the phone has been great. It is fast and easy to use.
Worth the wait I love this phone, plain and simple. The latest update spared me nagging issues like poor battery life, overheating and no Emojis. The screen is crystal clear and just the right size and the price for a 64gb is crazy. The interface is great and I love the gesture controls. I say give this phone a chance. It had a rocky start but is working great now!
Worth leaving the iPhone for. Excellent. I also have an iPhone 5s and before that an iPhone 4s. I have had a couple of Drood based tablets as well. The Fire seems to incorporate the best of iOS and Droid interfaces. Most iPhone shortcuts work in a similar fashion. The setup could not have been easier. My Amazon account login brought over all my music, videos, and games that I had on my tablet. I love the lock screen scenes. I have it set to rotate every hour and the scenes are beautiful.
Great Business Phone!! Amazing phone! For all you 1 star gamers complaining, go buy the iPhone gaming system. I travel international every week in Latin America and the connectivity blows away my old Samsung Galaxy. I need a business phone and not a hand held gaming system. My Galaxy wouldn't even sync my email when I was traveling abroad but the Fire Phone is syncing without fail in Mexico, Central America and Brazil. Easy to use and email is perfect. Stick with it Amazon. You have a WINNER but it will take time to penetrate the market. Don't let me down and bring it!!
This is a great phone if you are3 already familiar with the Amazon ... This is a great phone if you are3 already familiar with the Amazon Fire tablets. Works as advertised. More and more apps are now available for it. Very good audio and works fine with my Bluetooth hearing aids too.
The fire phone is awesome - thank you Amazon! The amazon fire phone is the most amazing phone that I have ever owned. I could not be happier with it, I love everything about it. The dymamic features are great and useful. Firefly is fun and useful too. Using the phone with one hand is liberating. The photos and videos taken with this phone are beautiful. The camera is fast and responsive with some useful features and easily and quickly accessed through the dedicated button, even when the phone is sleeping. The selection of apps is just great. Music and video are awesome. One year of free prime and 1000 Amazon coins, plus the phone is very inexpensive from ATT with the next plan. Email and messaging are clean and crisp visually and very fast. I was ready for an upgrade and looked at samsung and apple and this phone just blows them away. It integrates all my Amazon accounts seamlessly of course. And don't forget mayday and amazon tech support are top notch, just try getting that kind of support with any other phone. Amazon's online tutorials and videos are comprehensive but their techs never leave you hanging and are always ready and willing to help. I love amazon and my fire phone, and everyone I know knows it too. They all want to try it whenever I am around. My daughter loves the interactive games. Please give this phone a try it is just great, you will not be sorry. I love Amazon!! - Stephen
love this phone love this phone. have had no issues and the battery life is fine . a lot of reviews claim the battery is poor. agreed if u want to play a lot with apps and games. this is a phone not a arcade device. had to use the mayday once and was very impressed by Amanda. she did a outstanding job solving the minor issue. as the commercial its like nothing i have ever seen before. highly recommended it.
The phone had so many great reviews and was looking forward to using it I purchased this phone back in march of 2015 and was so excited to use the phone. The phone had so many great reviews and was looking forward to using it. The phone was a nice size, the screen was smooth, texting was easy, and the best feature ( in my opinion) is the mayday button. I liked to phone so much that i purchased two additional phones ( one for my mother and sister.... but wait..) After using it for a couple of months, I realized the phone was giving me a lot of issues and was so annoying to use. The phone kept on restarting on its own, the phone would freeze about 10 ten times a day, the contacts/ recent call log/ VIPS wouldn't load and would need to wait about 2-3 minutes for it to load, etc. As the months progressed, I am still incurring the same issues! I called MAYDAY multiple times and they keep on going around the same circle ( restart the phone and do a factory reset). I called mayday two days ago and was told the phone is DISCONTINUED.... As I was discussing my issues about the phone with my mother and sister, they were also having the same problem! My sister used the phone for one month and then got herself a new phone. Waste of money for this phone- PLEASE do not buy this phone- YOU WILL HAVE A LOT OF PROBLEMS. P.S- MOST annoying thing is that MANY MANY apps are not available or compatible with this phone! Downloaded many apps and after a week or so had to uninstall ( EX: telegram).
I like the phone and especially the fact it didn't come ... I like the phone and especially the fact it didn't come preloaded with a bunch of apps. I switched from a Galaxy 4 which i really liked but the Galaxy had 16 gb on it and by the time AT & T was done with loading their apps there was only 7 gb for me to use. I added a 64 gb micro sd card but then found out I could only store photos there and apps I purchased. I could not move any apps that were pre-installed. I paid all that money for a phone and it still was not mine to configure the way i wanted. The fire phone has some nice features and comes with 70% of the 27 gb available for you to use the way you see fit. The Firefly and Mayday work as advertised and are excellent features. Camera takes great pictures and video streaming is excellent and picture is crisp and sharp. I reserved one star because of the limited selection of apps and the fact you can't access your Google play account. I'm sure when Amazon gets more people writing apps for the Fire I will be willing to give it a fifth star.
Great phone I think this phone is great I love the camera. The battery life beats my iPhone 5. The only bad thing is that Apple is holding my phone number in some data base and I can't get group texts from Apple users. Getting my phone number released from Apple and getting texts from Apple users has been horrible. This is not Amazon's fault.
phone is amazing. I love it This, phone is amazing. I love it. It has so many features and it is fun to use and figure it all out. The mayday assistance is cool too. The live representative that helped me was so pleasant and helpful. The free year of Amazon prime is a huge perk. Ton of free content to stream. Very happy. Perfect size phone as well.
Excellent phone I dig this phone. The interface is very quick/responsive. My work email and calendar (Outlook) ported over smoothly. In terms of the reviews where some people have phones that are running hot -- I haven't experienced this issue -- my phone stays at a normal temperature and the battery has been great (heavy user). Prior to this phone I had the iPhone5S and HTC One Mini. That said, it's a noticeable upgrade from the HTC One Mini and comparable (maybe slight upgrade) from my 5S. Very happy, I'd recommend it.
I love my fire phone so far I love my fire phone so far. I do have some problems with it. 1. I can't seem to get ringtones for it :( 2. There are many apps I love that I can't get on my fire phone that I can get on my kindle like hulu plus and funimation free app 3. Phone gets a bit warm during use. Other than these things I have no problem with the new fire phone.
... after I already ordered it and worried I would hate it. I have had it now for 2 ... I read the reviews for this phone after I already ordered it and worried I would hate it. I have had it now for 2 weeks and love it. It is just like my kindle but can make calls and text messages. The reason for 4 stars vs. 5 is due to battery life which lasts me most of the day if I have no evening plans.
