Runs quiet and does a good job. Good unit. Takes up very little space. Runs quiet and does a good job.
One Star Haven't even had this product for 1 year and it has stopped cooling.
Help? I bought the refrigerator about a month ago and I've been having a major problem with it. About every ten minutes i hear a sound that sounds almost like boiling water coming from the inside where the freezer is. I've hoped it would go away but it is really starting to bother me, any solutions? All Midea emails I attempt to contact seem to be unavailable as well.
Works great! I almost returned this fridge because it made weird noises at night when I first got it, but after awhile it just suddenly stopped? Whatever reason, I'm glad I got my hands on this since it's super affordable and it was exactly what I was looking for!
Great birthday gift My husband loved it. It works great in his office at work.
Quiet and cold fridge! Great compact fridge! I bought this after reading the other reviews and found it to be nice and cold and quiet! Quiet was important because I put this upstairs for guests to use and didn't want it loud so it bothered them at night. I'm very happy with it!
the packer had reinforced the corners and the item was fine. I'm currently using it in my office and ... Somewhat worried when I ordered this item, given some of the reviews about damage during shipping. Sure enough when it arrived, one of the box corners was crumpled. Thankfully, the packer had reinforced the corners and the item was fine. I'm currently using it in my office and it's as quiet as I'd hoped it would be. I can hear a faint click/pop when it kicks on occasionally, but that's it. Works well and I've had no issues in the first month or so of use.
Four Stars Good. Even though there is no cover in the back.
so good. I got this to keep in my classroom ... So far, so good. I got this to keep in my classroom to hold water, lunch and after school snacks for my daughter. The only negative is that when it does click on, and students are quiet, they can hear the fridge running.
Keeps ice frozen! Wow, it actually keeps ice frozen! Over the last 10 years I've purchased 5 mini/compact refrigerators, all a variety from major name brands. This is the best! It's plenty quiet, keeps the drinks in the doors sweaty cold and although it didn't come with an ice tray (my only complaint) it is keeping the bag of ice frozen for sure! I bought this one for my aged mother-in-law and it's perfect!
Perfect for in law apartment Quiet fridge. Perfect for in law apartment.
It is perfect for my study It is perfect for my study. The styling is attractive and the door as well as the other parts of the refrigerator is made of stainless steel, so I can attach notes on the door with magnet. The price is also good.
Great Value Received the fridge and it was in great shape, no dents or scratches. I turned it on in the morning and by dinner, had cold beer. It is very quite and has great storage compartments. I recommend.
If I could give zero stars I would. Had ... If I could give zero stars I would. Had this for my office for less than 3 weeks, came in to work and found that it had already died. Returning it for a refund. I will buy another one elsewhere.
Awesome Love it. I have it at work. It's silent, keeps food and beverages cold. The space is just right for what I need during the dayear or regular week items (coffee creamer, cream cheese, etc)
Very nice for single person in studio flat Very pleased, looks good in my studio flat and fits a surprising amount of stuff in it! Wouldn't think it'd be big enough for sorting for food two or more people, but works well for one
Five Stars Perfect size, works great!
It's worth all your savings! Aside from the fact that it's on sale, another best thing about this product is that it provides low energy capacity even if it features a reversible door from refrigerator to freezer.
Purdy Good Been using it for about one week now, and it gets nice and cold and is quiet when it cycles. It makes an interesting "gurgling" sound when the pump kicks in. So far so good.
Amazing Mini Fridge! Amazing! Does the job. And also very quiet. The freezer part of the fridge is small you probably might not be able to fit a pint of ice cream. It's the perfect size it's not too big.
I bought it for my office and sits nicely under my desk This refrigerator works well. I was very unhappy that it arrived with a dent and scratches in several places. I bought it for my office and sits nicely under my desk.
Keeps my lunch safe from lunch thieves Works great. Fits perfectly under my desk at work. Super quiet, my computer is louder than it. No longer have to be disappointed at lunch time by having my lunch stolen.
Noise box My review is simple. Just got it. Do not place in a quiet area like sleeping , reading or studying. It works fine but for an item that's brand new ,,,,, ITS VERY LOUD !!!!!!!!!! and probably will get louder over time
great For me iT is perfect. It fits in my kitchen so it's handy, , holds a sufficient amount and keeps it frozen well. It is very quiet, just a delightful small freezer.
Cold! This fridge was actually bigger than I thought it'd be (I didn't pay attention to the size I guess). But it works great and definitely keeps the items in it cold!
This is an excellent mini fridge This is an excellent mini fridge, especially for the price on Amazon. It was easy to unwrap, easy to put into place and extremely quiet for how quickly it cools.
Very pleased will update in the future if anything happens to it exactly as i wanted it. Runs very quiet i don't get the 1 star reviews? maybe they are on prescription drugs?? worth the money holds small beverages perfectly.
Ideal for bedroom use very compact and useful for a guest room in which you want to put water, soda's etc for your guests convenience. We are very satisfied with size and function.
AMAZING!! AMAZING!!! Bigger than I thought and no noise. This is one of the best purchases I made on amazon. Thanks for the supper fast shipping. Worse the money.
Perfect fridge for my wife to have at her workplace Perfect fridge for my wife to have at her workplace. She keeps it under her desk and it is very quite. Does what it is supposed to do and perfect size.
Good buy High quality, very small, fits right under my desk, very quiet, freezer works well (I keep mochi ice cream in the freezer, because I'm weird.)
Perfect for the garage! Wonderful little fridge for my husband to put in the garage! He was tickled and it has PLENTY of room for anything he needs and wants to put in there.
came dented, and stinks of plastic that I can't ... came dented, and stinks of plastic that I can't yet remove. The dents I can live with. The noxious smell--I wouldn't get it again.
much better then expected... much better than expected....very quiet, fits quite a bit & the size is perfect under a desk or bedside....came quick & in perfect condition...
It works fine but it was dented and the bottom door screw ... It works fine but it was dented and the bottom door screw was jarred lose and stripped looks like it was handled ruffly
This just completely broke after just a few months of ... This just completely broke after just a few months of having it, and the return window is already closed. It doesn't work at all now.
Just buy from a store near you The delivery was poor. Fridge came to us scratched up and beaten. It was very heavy and going to UPS to take it back was a hassle.
Very attractive compact refrigerator. I just received the Midea refrigerator as a gift. I like the color fit and finish. the quality seems fine and runs quietly.
Bought it on April 15 and today is May 20 ... Bought it on April 15 and today is May 20. The refrigerator door can not close tightly. Definitely it's a quality issue.
Good Compact Refrigerator! This is a nice compact frig for the money. The temperature stays consistent and the small freezer compartment is a plus!
Worth it :) It's awesome, really quiet. It would be nice if it had a light inside but besides that I can't complain about anything
This is an excellent standby refrigerator This is an excellent standby refrigerator. It is very quiet, and keeps beverages very cold I highly recommend it.
Great little fridge. This is a good quality small bedroom or dorm room fridge. It is quiet and maintains the temperature set point well.
Great product, poor shipping care Exactly as advertised. My only issue is that UPS dented the top and broke off 3 of the 4 leveling feet.
Five Stars awesome refrig
Perfect size for my upstairs office so no need to ... Perfect size for my upstairs office so no need to run up and down when I need a cold drink or snack.
It's perfect for my small apartment It's perfect for my small apartment. I can store my essentials for the week inside it comfortably.
Was great when it did work After 3 months of having my fridge it stopped working. Was great when it did work.
Five Stars Arrived earlier than expected and within 2 hours was already cold enough. So far loving it!
Five Stars Perfect for my mini apartment. I can store almost anything that I need inside it. Thanks
So far good A bit Noisy but I guess you get used to it, keeps nice and cold, we'll see how long
... smell when we first opened it but it works fine and very quiet Had a weird smell when we first opened it but it works fine and very quiet. A+++
Great! Great fridge for using in the office. I purchased this to store breastmilk while pumping at work and it's the perfect size. It will fit my lunch, some drinks, pump parts, and expressed milk. I keep the temperature at 5 and it doesn't freeze items on the top shelf.
One Star had to exchange as first one came in with oil spill all over the box. it's noisy
Good fridge, bad freezer I really like the size of the little fridge but the freezer doesn't work well.
mini fridge Great fridge. Its small, making it fit well on the mini bar inside the bedroom
Good unit Size, convenience, and price are all great! And the guarantee is affordable.
Keeps things really cool and is not loud at all This works amazingly well. Keeps things really cool and is not loud at all.
Very Pleased With This Item Great Item
Five Stars I have only used the unit for two months and it it working as advertised!
It's just so quiet! Works perfectly, and so quiet! You hear a slight hum from time to time I think from the compressor starting up, but unless you are actively listening for it, or have a real, true hatred of barely there white noise, it should treat you well. :)
Five Stars well made operates well and was shipped fast
Good value Works fine. Can be a little noisy but at this price is a great value.
Won't buy again Stopped working after a month, and was in poor condition with dents
This is a great small refrigerator This is a great small refrigerator. It is somewhat noisy though.
Five Stars Love my refrigerator! ! Keeps everything cold..will recommend!
Perfect for home office The Midea Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer has been a wonderful addition to my home office. It runs quietly and keeps drinks perfectly chilled. I can fit several bottles of water and soda cans into this great little refrigerator. And I store Ice pops in the freezer section that stay perfectly frozen.
Very nice This was nicer than I expected. Very very cute. Works amazing.
Three Stars The little freezer dose not come close to freezing the food.
Four Stars a little noisy but overall a great mini fridge for a room
Highly recommended I did my research and am not disappointed with this unit.
Works great. Purchased for our cabin we just purchased. Works great.
Two Stars It works but is REALLY LOUD. Probably going to return.
Five Stars perfect size for the office, love the little freezer
Five Stars works great. keeps items nice and cold. and SILENT!
Five Stars Nice fridge .. very quiet. Keeps everything cool.
Five Stars Very satisfied, lived fully up to my expatations.
Junk Stopped working after 3 months.
Very noisey!! Attractive but sounds like a plane taking off.
Four Stars Works great for our new camper as 2nd fridge.
Good Good size for my needs freezer is too small.
Five Stars Was delivered fast works great.. very quiet
Five Stars kids room project, worked as night stand.
Five Stars Great came on time works prefect
Inadequate packaging Came with a big dent on the top
Five Stars Great product and price works perfect
sounds like a power pig Very noisy, sounds like a power pig!
Five Stars Love it, just perfect for my office.
Five Stars Works great for a college dorm room
Nice Product but arrived damaged Product arrived dented. Didn't want to return it because it is so bulky and heavy. Nice unit, very large for a mini-fridge. The page won't let me add a photo.
Great mini fridge at a great price! Great for the office! Works great.
Working great Working great. Very cold so far.
Five Stars perfect for my niece in college
I like this fridge! Perfect for my office. I do not keep it under my desk. I have a place near my book shelf and it fits very well. I can stock it with veggies, my lunch container, drinks and more!
Four Stars Working fine after half a year
Five Stars It has worked great as needed!
Four Stars Functional, but a bit noisy.
Very nice Love it! Keeping my food cold and ice frozen in the freezer. Did have one small dent in the back but it must have been before it was boxed. Deluxe time was right on. Very nice finish and has a reversible door.
Not reversible! We specifically bought this because it said the door was reversible. However, it is not. At least there is nothing in the instructions about how to do it.
Great buy! Great price! Have had for almost 3 months. Great fridge, wasn't hard to install, keeps food and drinks really nice and cold. Has a temperature adjustment in it. Does the job very well and definitely worth it!
This is a great little refrigerator This is a great little refrigerator, keeps everything very cold. Outer packaging was beat up a bit but everything inside was very well protected, nothing dented or broken. Definitely recommend!!
Great size! This is a small mini fridge Great size! This is a small mini fridge, but it is perfect for my use. I bought it to store pumped breastmilk and the parts. I've had it for about 10 months and it is still working great!
This was liked in our Urgent Care Department so much that I ... This was liked in our Urgent Care Department so much that I just bought another one for our Green Team Department to use. Sooner or later we may have them in all of our departments.
Scratched and dented. Basic and OK, but it had a couple of scratches and dents in spite of no damage to the carton, so it must have been packed that way.
Arrived dented. It does what it is supposed to but it came severally dented. I wanted to return but Amazon left it up to me to find a box for it.
Perfect! Great little fridge. We are using it in our guest suite. We cut an air vent in the wardrobe and set it on a shelf. So it's like a minibar in the cabinet. Very Four Seasons, baby.
Its a good product but they sent me a used one with ... Its a good product but they sent me a used one with a dent on the black thing when I payed $92 for a new one. Would have sent it back but it dose the job so I won't bother.
Three Stars Beautiful refrigerator
Great little frig. Surprisingly good quality and quiet. I use it in the garage for extra produce and drinks. It would even be good for a small studio. Product arrived on time and damage free.
Great for the office! Great little fridge. I would have liked the shelves about 1/2 inch taller to fit beverages, but they can lay on their side.
Came in great working condition but had dents on the top corners Bought this for my son's birthday gift. Came in great working condition but had dents on the top corners. Too much trouble to repackage and return. Kind of disappointing.
Cooler It does the job if you don't need a large interior. It's both small on the inside and out. It works for me to keep bottled water and soft drinks available in my office.
Good Water Fridge Very quite when cycling. Doesn't appear to leak anywhere. Keeps things consistently cold. Does what it's supposed to do, which is keep bottled water cold upstairs.
Not a bad little fridge Not a bad little fridge. Used this during a house remodel on site as I was nowhere near a restaurant or food establishment and spent long days at the job site.
aesthetically great performance wise time will tell Smaller than I thought but presented very well, just plugged it in my office and bring my stuff tomorrow. aesthetically great performance wise time will tell.
Perfect for the office This little fridge is perfect for my office. It keeps my drinks nice and cold, and has a good amount of storage space. I couldnt be happier with my purchase.
Four Stars Works great! Came with two little dents on top but i love it, it keeps everything cold, a little humming noise when it kicks on so it's barely noticeable.
Served the purpose of temporary Fridge while kitchen under reconstruction ... Served the purpose of temporary Fridge while kitchen under reconstruction. Larger than anticipated, could be used for second fridge in Garage or storage.
So far, so good! Very nice, high quality mini-fridge! I replaced my nightstand with this to keep drinks and protein shakes cold and ready to grab, even if in bed. Love it!
Good little refrigerator for my needs Good little refrigerator for my needs, Runs quiet and with the 9.00 coverage plan for three years, you cannot go wrong for under $100:00 with the plan.
I loved this little refrigerator because it was a gift for ... I loved this little refrigerator because it was a gift for my mom and she loves it. It appears to be a good value runs well and quietly. Nice product.
The fridge was delivered on time, it works well ... The fridge was delivered on time, it works well, keeping beverages cold, Bought it to put in the cellar to keep beverages, for when I am crafting...
Great little fridge. A mancave purchase. This little fridge looks good and keeps the beers cold. It surprisingly holds more than you'd expect. What more do you want?
I use this to store all my precious bottled wines... I use this to store all my precious bottled wines. It's perfect and it's just the right size. It doesn't consume that much space in the kitchen.
The internal box is pretty small but about what I expected The internal box is pretty small but about what I expected. Don't plan on storing much more than some coffee creamer and your lunch in this unit
Perfect size for work Perfect for under my cubical desk. Keeps water and small snacks or lunch accessible. Plugged it in and it was cold and ready in about 2-3 hours.
Good Just slightly loud
Quality Fridge Good size fridge for an office! Very quiet. Freezer is not so big but good for small items such as frozen dinners. Would recommend to others.
Dents for a good price I haven't used the fridge yet. Showed up very early for me. Great price, but it showed up dented all around, as if it had been dropped often.
The refrigerator works great. Perfect size for the office The refrigerator works great. Perfect size for the office. Little concerned about the the dent that was found on the side from shipping.
I only occasionally use this fridge so I was pleased to see it cools down quickly I only occasionally use this fridge so I was pleased to see it cools down quickly. Relatively quiet and fits well under my work table.
Great for the price Is a great product for the price keeps everything cold. My freezer door popped off and they need to built a better freezer door
This product is the perfect size and is very quite This product is the perfect size and is very quite. It is a good quality fridge and it is durable so that it doesn't damage easily.
The size of this refrigerator is just right for our ... The size of this refrigerator is just right for our small kitchen. The two-door and auto-defrost features are really impressive!
Soup for Lunch This fridge is great for my closet turned office. It produces the perfect sound to lull me to sleep after I each soup for lunch.
The size of this refrigerator is just right for our ... The size of this refrigerator is just right for our small kitchen. The two-door and auto-defrost features are really impressive!
Light and compact Light and compact. I am super pleased with my purchase and I gotta say that this item is much better than bigger refs sold here.
One Star returned this item. It came back damaged and it was on back order for the replacement.
Great Definitely would recommend put it in my bedroom so don't have to get up middle of the night to get a drink does a great job.
Great personal fridge for my room Great personal fridge for my room. I like to keep beers and cans of sodas and this gets everything cold and refreshing.
The item came damaged, but shipping box was ok ... The item came damaged, but shipping box was ok. A couple of dents on the side, so it is still usable for what I need.
Mini Fridge This is a very good mini-fridge for the price. Very pleased. It was delivered ahead of schedule and in good condition.
High quality Good thing that I found this item. I was able to sued this thing conveniently and it was really made of high quality.
Works fine. Has dents. It came in with a couple of dents in it. I thought I was buying brand new. It works fine, though, and was a good deal
Perfect! Purchased to place in basement of our RV. Perfect fit. Keeps our rages cold and surprisingly, can hold a lot of cans
Overall a good unit Function is very good. Has an annoying soft but somewhat distracting noise when it comes on for cooling purposes.
I'm pleased Excellent product. Worked perfectly out of the box. Seems to be a well-built product. And, the price is right!
Trusty little thing. Quiet and cold. Nice small fridge for my office. I'm enjoying it - especially with the low price and delivery.
Very nice Very nice fridge, runs very quietly, perfect for what I wanted. I have owned it for 2 months and zero problems.
Mini Ref :-D It did arrive promptly. I am so glad I have my own ref in my room. Gotta put a lot of my favorite snacks inside.
It sounds like a plane is taking off The fridge came with scrapes on the top of it. It sounds like a plane is taking off. Other than that it is ok.
So far so good So far so good. It's a perfect size it's a little noisey but that was expected I will update in a few months
Exactly what I needed. I needed a fridge, that was cheap. It was not noisy at all, and it was very useful for what I needed it for,
Love the price, the quality & how cold this fridge gets! So far so good! Like how this fridge is just a little bigger than other fridge's of the supposed same size!
Four Stars I usually buy chocolates in large packs to save money. this mini-fridge keeps the quality of my chocolates!
Five Stars Great product for great price. Great packaging and shipment. No damage on arrival and works perfectly!!!!!
Just what I was looking for! I needed a ... Just what I was looking for! I needed a small fridge for my office. This one fits perfectly under my desk.
Great Fridge, I had had this for a while ... Great Fridge, I had had this for a while already and it works just perfect for a small room this is great
Four Stars Love the looks and functionality of the fridge, but the drinks don't get as cold as my Haier mini-fridge.
Nice Gift This was a gift for my son in college in another state and he really likes it. Fits his needs perfectly.
Nice size and holds all I need to hold Nice size and holds all I need to hold! Love it! Doesn't hurt that it also matched my bedroom furniture!
Perfect work office Fits under desk perfectly. Has all the room I need for snacks,water bottles, drinks during work hours.
It's even better than I expected. It's even better than I expected. Looks amazing in my small kitchen. Can store everything that I need.
the mini fridge This makes a really good bar fridge, its small, compact and nobody would've guessed that its a fridge
Five Stars Black finish looks great with new quartz countertops! Cools my beverages. Good unit for the price.
Great deal. Somewhat larger than the usual little fridges Works perfectly right out of the box. Great deal. Somewhat larger than the usual little fridges.
works great, I have a motel and they are used ... works great, I have a motel and they are used every day. For the price I would purchase them again
Nice little fridge! Came double boxed, and dent free. Frozens stay nice and FROZEN! This is perfect for the mancave.
Two Stars Receicved refrigerator and it was not working. Took two weeks for someone to come out and fix it.
Five Stars So far so good! looks super clean, keeps cold, and easy to switch the door action. Great product.
Perfect size for my grandma's medicine and drinks It got cold almost immediately so thank you. Perfect size for my grandma's medicine and drinks.
This is a great product for the price and il reorder for sure This is a great product for the price and il reorder for sure. Shows up quickly and packed well
Good thing! I was able to sued this thing conveniently and it's a good thing that I found this item online.
Great Fridge Great little fridge for nursing home resident. Reversible door a must so it will fit anywhere
Works great and silent as a church mouse Looks great and keeps my water and soda bottles nice and cold. Can't hear it running, period.
It looks great when it is on your appliance It looks great when it is on your appliance. The only problem is getting it to stay on there.
Three Stars The freezer part is much smaller than what I expected, but it does what it's supposed to do.
It bigger than what I had thought did come with ... It bigger than what I had thought did come with a few tiny dents but holds just what I need
good Nice fridge but watch out for ice over freezing have to chip away like everist every month.
Four Stars It is working perfectly. I have it filled with water and soda to meet my thirsty evenings.
good value, works well. No issues with noise. Small, but keeps things cold for my office. Hardly notice it is on.
Three Stars Pros: design and compact. Plus, it has a separable shelf inside. Cons: quite noisy.
Five Stars Well worth the money in the sense of quality and temperature selection. Very quiet too.
It's perfect for my office Quite, efficient exactly as advertised. Prompt delivery. It's perfect for my office.
Five Stars Great for my daughters dorm room, may exchange for the bigger one also a great price.
5 stars 5 stars for this. It's ideal for my mini apartment. thank you for the fast shipping.
Five Stars Great product. I would highly recommend it.So far this hard drive is wounderful buy.
Five Stars This is the perfect size for a small space, and holds a sizable about of beverages.
Five Stars Works great!! Keeps things cold in the hottest weather, better then our kitchen one
I love it very good product, the seller is amazing, the product is perfect and working well !
great fridge I love this fridge so far its amazing no problem and not too heavy not loud at all
Five Stars very good mini frig. im giving this to my son for hic college dorm and fit great
Very nice unit Bought to use in outdoor entertainment area.....works perfectly and looks good.
Five Stars Perfect for an office..not to noisy..and after a couple months works perfectly
Great for my classroom! I got this for my classroom. Works great and isn't nosey at all! Very pleased!
Five Stars Works very well had to get used to sound of cycling lol very quick ship tyvm
the tenant is very happy with it I purchased this for a rental unit I have, the tenant is very happy with it.
Great buy Great buy! It's alright for my apartment. Not as roomy as I expected though.
The good frig I have only had this frig for a couple of months but it has performed great.
Four Stars Very happy with the refrigerator. Very quiet, just what I was looking for.
Five Stars Love having a little refrigerator to keep my water cold in my workout room.
Nom nom nom Worked for a workplace minifridge. Not too loud and the price was not bad.
Good purchase Good product - so far absolutely no problems & it is exactly what I wanted
Four Stars It works!
