

... just for my photography film and it works just fine for that It's just for my photography film and it works just fine for that purpose
Great frige Great refrigerator, I recommend it to any one.
Five Stars Doesn't make too much noise. Will freeze water at the coldest settings.
Three Stars Overall great. But the freezer door fell off. It's not even 3 months old
But besides that works great. A little damage at the time of drlivery. But besides that works great.
Great, does what a fridge suppose to do. Great! No complaints. Wanted the white one, but this works just fine.
Great fridge. Basic but works well Great fridge. Basic but works well. An awesome value for the price.
perfect size quick shipment and works great. perfect size for my husbands office
To chill or not to chill Accepted delivery. So far am impressed.. Let see what time tells us
Five Stars It's perfect for my small apartment. Compartments are roomy enough
Four Stars Good product, great price, free delivery what's there not to like?
Five Stars Nice, Quiet, Perfect for My Out Door Building to keep drinks Cool.
Five Stars Just as described- not too loud and was not damaged upon delivery.
Nice and compact Perfect size for my entertainment room. I really like this fridge.
Quiet, well-functioning fridge This is a quiet, well-functioning fridge and the price was great!
Cold drinks by the pool all summer long. Surprised my wife with this for our patio. She loves it, big win.
great little fridge ...great little fridge !! Keeps my beer nice and cold..........:)
... the lower compartment of my motor home and works fine. It fit in the lower compartment of my motor home and works fine.
Not reliable Refrigerator stopped working after only 6 months. Definite lemon
Nice and cold! It works great. Delivered in 2 days and got it early in the day!
Five Stars Perfect size and very quiet. Keeps my drinks cool in my mini bar
Five Stars Great! Looks just like the picture. Got cold almost immediately
Five Stars keeps inside super cold. perfect amount of space in side. quiet
Five Stars Great so far! Very impressed! But dont plan on making Jello:)
Five Stars It's working great! Can't even hear it that how quiet it is!
Five Stars Have you ever fell in love with an inanimate object, I have.
Great deal A gift for my trucker husband. He loves it. Gets super cold.
seems fine Standard college fridge. Looks nice and seems to work fine.
Five Stars Perfect size to fit under my office desk. Also very quiet.
Good Product Excellent product. Highly recommended. Buy it if it suits.
Great Quality I have had this now at work for over a year, works great!
Five Stars Great fridge! Lots of space inside and it looks nice too.
stick with the brand name in all my time in amazon since 08 this is my first bad electronic review. It didn't even work for up to 24 hrs I advice people to pay a lil more for something that will work
Five Stars LOVE LOVE LOVE! Perfect size for college! Perfect price.
We love it it holds alot of our drinks and my ... We love it it holds alot of our drinks and my medicine.
Great Exactly what I expected. Perfect size for what I needed!
You can't beat this fridge for the price. Great little fridge. It works great and was inexpensive.
Three Stars Fridge was dented in multiple places when i received it
Compact refrigeration unit. Well, it's a refrigerator. Does what it's supposed too.
Good! There weren't any problems while delivering Good! There weren't any problems while delivering.
easily cools wine and ice It easily cools my wine and ice, and I think it's nice.
Five Stars Keeps everything extremely cold! Worth the investment.
Five Stars Awesome, quiet, and just as advertised. Very pleased.
Five Stars I use it in my office and it works great! Very pleased
Five Stars Excellent mini fridge that keep everything I need cool
Love this Fridge! Bought this for my office and I couldn't be happier!!
Five Stars Good fridge. Perfect for holding water in our garage.
Too new to rate ... Arrived in very good condition. Working fine so far.
Perfect Small Fridge Serves our purpose nicely. Pleased with the product.
Five Stars Perfect fit size. Exactly what I was looking for :D
It arrived timely within a week. Just arrived today ... It arrived timely within a week. Just arrived today. I have in my office at work under desk it is very quiet. I will update within 30 days regarding temp.
Five Stars Arrived on time, the unit was undamaged. Works well
Five Stars Bought it for my daughter's dorm room. Works great
Perfect for the office Great for my wife's office. Perfect size. Quiet.
Just Perfect for my College daughter's room Just Perfect for my College daughter's room!
Five Stars Great, spacious, very cold, no dents, well packed
Two Stars It was not working when received, had to return.
Great fridge It was a gift for my grandma but she loves it 😬
Good Deal! Bought this for work and it is a perfect size.
Three Stars Was OK, sometimes a bit louder than expected.
Great little fridge Great little fridge. Perfect for the office.
Midea WHS-65LB1 Compact Single Reversible Door... Good quality, cools well. I would buy again.
One Star It only worked 6 weeks before it died! Ugh!
Five Stars perfect size. works great for a small area
Four Stars Works great top corner dented but performs
Four Stars Pleased with quality appearance and price.
Five Stars inexpensive - but we love these from Midea
Five Stars Perfect size for a work fridge. I love it!
Excellent for an office. Excellent for an office & so far so good.
Five Stars For the man cave love it. Now I need one.
Amazing but the freezer leaks.. Great Purchase. Stores many items and keeps things cold. The freezer does leak though at any notch of the settings.
I like Compact, quiet and affordable. I like it
Works fine. Measurements were accurate Works fine. Measurements were accurate.
Great frig Very nice convenient little refrigerator
Great product It looks great, is the perfect size, and it isn't too loud at all. There weren't any problems with the shipping, and it even arrived earlier than expected. So far my brother loves it! Thank you!
Too loud The fridge is cold, but much too loud for any environment where someone requires silence and needs to concentrate, such as an office. I have another unit in the same office that is silent in comparison.
Four Stars It is working perfectly good. I like it
Four Stars i don't complain. just what i expected
Five Stars Perfect for what I needed Thanks
Loving it. Works without a problem. Loving it. Works without a problem.
BE ADVISED - NO INDOOR LIGHT This came in 2 big cardboard boxes but still had a ding at the side which I complained about. It was all setup. The box has the name of the company and clearly shows this is a Refrigerator which I did not like. I had to wait to clean it before I plugged it in... so its been quite a few days since it arrived and I put it on last night. Its best to wait 24 hours before putting in food as stated in the Manual. I put a few bottles of water into the Fridge after 16-17 hours. I checked on them and they seem cold enough and my temp is on Medium. I find that the door is not easy to open with one hand. It could be a possibility that the fridge needs to be higher and the carpet could be getting in the way so I will need to look into this. I have to put one hand on the top and then use the other hand to open the door. I do have the Fridge on a piece of cardboard so it doesn't leave a heavy imprint on the carpet. There is no light inside the Fridge... WHY?? I did not even pay attention to this until I opened the Fridge this morning and realized no light came on. I think all Refrigerators should have a light by default. So far I don't really have anything else to say apart from the fact its gone $20 cheaper since I purchased it... :-(
Good but noisy. It works great but does make noise.
Great product at a good price Well made and a lot of good storage
Five Stars Perfect for my needs. Really quiet.
Five Stars Great product for my basement bar!
Five Stars In good quality for several months
Four Stars It met my total nees...cost & size
Three Stars Smaller than what I was expecting
Five Stars Very nice little fridge. Quiet.
Five Stars perfect, looks great works great
Five Stars Love it. Very useful for school.
Keeps it cold Keeps everything cold. But noisy
Five Stars Great little fridge. Super cold.
Five Stars works great & its really quiet!
Five Stars Love it just right for my space
Five Stars working quietly and efficiently
Five Stars Keeps things cold. Very quiet.
Five Stars Works great, item as described.
Five Stars Very good item, will recommend
Five Stars Very quiet! Fit under my desk!
Five Stars Keeps my lunches cold at work!
Five Stars It's is really good very quite
Five Stars Quiet and keeps my cokes cold.
great product! Work very well, great product!
Great service keep it up, Excellent and great service,
Five Stars Excellent product! I love it
Didn't last I bought this fridge in January and it quit working May 2. For $100 it shouldn't quit working in 3.5 months. Very frustrating!!
Great fridge! Great fridge! Great price!
Nice little fridge!! wors fine just as it should
Four Stars Great little Fridge-Freezer
Five Stars Perfect size for our needs.
One Star Bought this frig on 28 May, stopped working today. Save ur money!!!!!
good size good size, good for office
Five Stars perfect size for my studio
Perfect How beatiful mini fridge!
Five Stars Quite nice. Little noise.
Four Stars Freezer ices up too much.
Five Stars Nice office refrigerator.
Five Stars Look good and work great.
Five Stars it works fine, no noise,
Great for beverages Works great, very happy.
Five Stars Thank you great product!
Three Stars Good product very quiet.
Five Stars keeps my food cold well
Five Stars Really great I loved it
Awesome Product Direct cool system. a good product. Working absolutely fine and giving good service. Highly recommended.
Four Stars Nice low priced fridge
Five Stars Great refrigerator!!!
cute Quiet enough. GREAT!
Five Stars Just what I wanted.
Nice little fridge Nice little fridge
Five Stars Love this slim sized refrigerator which is perfect for our office and very quiet.
Five Stars Nice little unit.
Five Stars Work as expected
Five Stars Good little fridge! Reliable and I use it as a second refrigerator!
Four Stars Pretty junky, but it works so far.
Five Stars Love this frig!
Five Stars Nice and cheap.
Five Stars Perfect thanks
Five Stars Great product.
Love this A good fridge.
Four Stars Fantastic buy.
Five Stars Great fridge.
Five Stars Great fridge.
Five Stars great product
Four Stars Nice product.
Five Stars Works perfect
Five Stars Good product
Five Stars Nice fridge.
Five Stars It is great!
Five Stars Great value!
Four Stars works good!
Three Stars Noisy motor
Four Stars A little damaged upon arrival but totally works
it okay, depend on what models I jut got it today and plug it up. Run really quiet. I like it. Great product....after few days it still nice but it not getting cold no more. Especially the UPS , they may be drop my product or whatever happen to it, they will bring it to me and say nothing. That a bad delivery. And it leaking out refrigerant, I can smell it in my room. I can get sick while I'm sleep.
Five Stars Works great, an amazing deal for the price.
Four Stars I like it.
Five Stars It's great
Five Stars Thank you!
Four Stars Good value
Five Stars very good
Four Stars I like it
Five Stars Very good
Five Stars Was great
Five Stars excellent
Five Stars Good Item
Quality woodgrain look It perfectly matches my office desk.
but I love it. Larger than expected, but I love it.
would not buy again Fridge had bubble on top had to let it go because it was a gift to my son of I had more time would have returned it and got different fride
Five Stars Perfect!
Five Stars All good
Four Stars For a small office it's perfect.
Five Stars Perfect
Five Stars Perfect
Five Stars Perfect
Five Stars great!
Still - an appliance like this should last at least 4 or 5 years Broke down after 1 year. Inside is awkwardly shaped. It gets two stars instead of 1 because its so cheap, I didn't expect much. Still - an appliance like this should last at least 4 or 5 years...
This product is fine if you don’t have to sit next to it This product is fine if you don’t have to sit next to it , even 15’ away I can clearly hear it working. It is driving me crazy and I need to return it except I disposed the container it came in.
Five Stars Great price. Works well. Decent amount of space for pre-made lunches and water.
Five Stars Great
Five Stars Great
Five Stars Good!
Five Stars Great
Five Stars quiet
Five Stars Great
Great Great
Five Stars Works like a charm!
Awesome product Its looks awesome. It's a perfect fit for bachelors or small family.
... was the prefect fit for my beach condo so pleased it fit so perfectly into the spot where the ... this was the prefect fit for my beach condo so pleased it fit so perfectly into the spot where the old fridge was. the wood grain looks so rich and sets the kitchenette off
Buyer Beware I had this sitting in my office for 3 months prior to plugging it in. Once I had a use for it, I plugged it in and it did not work. When I went to an appliance repair shop, I was told to throw it away...it would cost more to repair than to buy a new one.
Five Stars good
Four Stars Good
Five Stars good
Four Stars Nice
Love this fridge Nice
Five Stars gift
Not bad Works well. However it doesn't have a light on the interior when you open the door. I assumed it would but that due to a lack of research.
Happy!! Perfect size for my son who wanted cold beverages by his bed. Awesome price as well. So happy I purchased it for his birthday.
Nice Beer Fridge at $149 So far, so good! Keeps my beer COLD!!! Delivered without a dent or a scratch. 4 months & counting. Good price at $149.
Five Stars Great fridge
Great Little fridge Great Little fridge. Looks and runs great. We use it for our deck outside to keep drinks cold in the summer.
Not very recommended. A little bit noisy. I can clearly hear the sound of flowing liquid and mechanical noise especially during night. Not very recommended.
Awesome Product Direct cool system. a good product. Working absolutely fine and giving good service. Highly recommended.
stinky works ok and yes it arrived with damage a dent in the frontvand side also it stinks inside
Love this quiet fridge- stays ver cold Works perfect- well with the price
Five Stars Works great and very quiet. Plenty of room for all the items I store. I'm happy with it.
Great sized fridge for the price Great sized fridge for the price. It arrived a day before its scheduled delivery, however, there are quite a few dents and dings on the front door, which are noticeable in the sunlight. Didn't feel like dealing with the hassle of returning and waiting on a new one especially during the holiday season, so I'll be keeping it.
Not too big. Not too small. Perfect for a room or office. We put half gallon cartons on the door. No problems yet!
Five Stars How much can you say about a refrigerator except that it keeps things cold. Bravo!
Five Stars On the lowest settings, still keeps all my foods/drinks cold and not noisy at all!
Four Stars Perfect little boat fridge. The freezer is kinda silly though since its so small
perfect for a work water fridge it's quiet and fits under the desk at work. perfect for a work water fridge.
great product! Solved many problems... great product! Now I can store extra food at work.
Five Stars Would work better if it came with food and drink already in it. :-)
Four Stars Love it works great and perfect size not to big not too small
Quite. I don't even notice it under my desk ... Quite. I don't even notice it under my desk in the office.
Good choice for the came right on time. Works well. Good choice for the price
Nice refrigerator Delivered on time. Packaged well, no damage, works great.
It keeps my good cold! It does what it's supposed to do. It keeps my good cold!!
Five Stars excellent, could not hope for better
Five Stars E
Five Stars The Best, a Goodness for Goodness!
Three Stars The fridge came with dents on it.
Five Stars Great fridge! Great quality!
Five Stars works good for my office
Not suitable for countertop use The description made me think this was going to be far smaller than it actually is; it's not suitable for countertop use, which is what I wanted it for. It's also quite loud.
Five Stars Kid loves it
Five Stars A very nice fridge, love it!
I bought a different brand not from Amazon and I'm much happier with it I had to return it because it makes so much gurgling noise and it's by my desk at the office. Too distracting. I bought a different brand not from Amazon and I'm much happier with it.
Four Stars Nice
Just what I wanted Works great and for here a day early. It's been a month and I have no frost in the freZer unit, but it froze a juice box
Four Stars Haven't used it yet but it is ice and no damages
Five Stars Good
Five Stars great product
Five Stars Great product
Five Stars I LIKE
Five Stars God
Disappointing Hated it, only because it makes an annoying pop noise whenever motor shuts off, most people probably woundnt care. Other than that it worked great.
Four Stars We wound up returning this - didn't realize it was a fridge, not a freezer.
Not that good Loud, quite small, doesn't fit a lot of stuff
Five Stars Its awesome.
Most devices are rated in watts. All your products ... Most devices are rated in watts. All your products electric, or electronics should state wattage so people can understand power consumption of the device. I won't buy unless I know the wattage.
Concidering Having Had This Unit For Some Time... Here Is ' The Skinny ' OK. It Has Quite A Pleasing Appearance. But When The Condenser Is Running , Which Most Of The Time, You Will Be Quite A Wear Of It. Also My Unit I Felt Required Supplemental Assist, For Complete/Sealed Door Closure. I Also Have a Fan On It To Optimize In The Heat Transfer Process, Help with That Run Time Issue/ Quite Warm Enclosure... Well The Good Thing, If It Is Of Any Consequence ... It Is Affordable.
Three Stars still deciding
Not so cool.... I was hoping to keep about $200 worth of rats for my snakes in this thing. From what I read I thought you could use it as a freezer or a fridge but it is mainly just a fridge. It has a very small area for a freezer.... you might be able to put a popsickle or two in it. I put it to it's highest setting and took the freezer door off and it said 31F so I thought GREAT! Nope. I had the rats in it for a few days now and some of them thawed due to the un-even temperature. My findings are if you want something to keep non perishable items in such as soda cans this may work. For everything else I would not trust it one bit with it's uneven flow of temps. The rats and mice towards the front were still cold and hard but towards the back and bottom had thawed. Thankfully I am sure they can be refrozen due to it still being cold, only a few days have passed and I am feeding them to snakes. Do not be mislead by any thoughts of this thing reaching enough low temps to freeze or keep ice etc.
One Star SMALL LIKE MY HAND
Five Stars Perfect size
functional mini fridge Great mini fridge, its mini but still so functional like a normal sized fridge.
Five Stars Almost completely silent and just big enough for a collage student. 10/10 would buy again
Five Stars just as expected
Great little fridge Gets super cold Holds so much more than I ever expected!
LOVE my little fridge!!! It cools extremely well and quite quickly! The little freezer compartment really does freeze a few things I have tried so far...homemade pancakes, waffles, few pieces of bread, and small kid's ice/gel packs. It's not even turned up as high as I expected to have to set it in the beginning. Usually keep it at about half way, unless I am in and out a lot. I bought it to take to the church I work at, in my nursery class, since I work all three service times on Sundays as well as Wed nights and special events. I don't have to starve now. It fits so well in the cabinets under the counter. Very quiet too! I would most definitely recommend it to anyone! Considering ordering another for our basement at home.. I'm a Very happy customer!
Five Stars Surprisingly quiet.
The fridge itself is nice, and works well so far The fridge itself is nice, and works well so far. It arrived with damage on the back left side, which is why I give it 3 stars. I put it in a slot between two cabinets so the damage can't be seen. So as long as it's functioning, I'm okay with it. I'll update if quits early, possibly due to the shipping damage.
Door opening reversal My problem is that there aren't any instructions on how to reverse the door opening.
Five Stars Nice size - works well - great price.
Great so far just took it out of the box Shipped early. No damage on delivery, only minor surface scratches on the top but very difficult to see. Only 20 minutes plugged in and already cold (the temperature dial was on medium). So excited and I love the finish thank you! Also super quiet so far, something I needed this fridge to be:D
Just OK Silent for the first couple of weeks, now starting to make more noise. Keeps things very cold.
Well I like it but it has several dents in one side-one ... Well I like it but it has several dents in one side-one big one /where outer coating is coming off! Also I just noticed price is reduced-I will keep it if you will give me a credit on difference in new price-otherwise I want to return it! I'm very upset about this!
Nice fridge but noisy Nice fridge but a little noisy. Its in my office so the noise is no worse than the other machines. But I wouldnt place it in an area where you sleep. Made well, very handsome. Works well
