Excellent adaptation of the book! Brought it alive! As a Harry Potter fan, I'm so happy with this movie adaptation. It's very true to the book (which is fabulous in my opinion, I don't know why some people complained about that), although there are some slight differences. The movie makers have done a wonderful job bringing Rowling's world on screen. The visual effects, especially Fluffy, ghosts, chess pieces, Quidditch game were done exceptionally well. The second disc is all extras. I guess it was designed for Harry Potter fans and people who enjoyed the movie very much because it was assumed that you've watched the movie beforehand. The deleted scenes were a little hard to find since several steps have to be taken. First I had to go to get the key and take money from the Gringotts bank in Diagon Alley. Then purchase wand from Olivander's. Then return to the school and attend classes. Go to potions class and answer three questions. The questions were a little bit of a hassle for me. Answer for the 1st question: Aphrodel and the tube next to it (forgot name); 2nd question: wolfsbane and monkhood; 3rd question: snake fangs and porcupine quills. After the questions, select winged key by trying out a few. Then select the orange colored potion and you will see the mirror of erised. There are a total of 7 deleted scenes. Although some will say they are not worth the hassle, but I liked them. My other favorite extra is the interview. It was good to learn about the behind the scenes interaction of the director/producer/actors etc and production of the movie in general. They also mentioned something about the second movie. Overall good buy. Worth every cent. Will rewatch it on DVD many times.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone ULTIMATE EDITION Blu-ray To start off this isn't a review of the movie itself, by now you should have already formed an opinion of the movie for yourself or from other reviews of just the film. This is a review for the Ultimate Edition. Two words: Absolutely Amazing! This isn't just some scam from Warner Bros to get a few more dollars squeezed out of the Harry Potter movies, this is brand new and refreshing. Warner Bros packaged this set to be (or what appears to be) the last Harry Potter set to be had. Everything that you could want in a collectors set it included here. The booklet included is surprisingly well done. The book keeps with the theme of the special feature exclusive to the ultimate edition. For example, in the Chamber of Secrets edition the booklet is all about the characters and their development, both at the beginning of the series and how they have evolved through the years. Included are stills from the movie, pictures of the theme (ie. characters, buildings, sets), and my favorite... concept art. As for the character cards that are included they aren't anything super special but at the same time they aren't cheaply done. The cards are solid and printed well. I could see where some people will find them very satisfying and a highlight of the edition. The thing that I was most impressed with, however, was the presentation. Finally someone released a special edition of a film and made it presentable and convenient. The boxes are made to look like books that fold open and are neatly packed on the inside. Also on the inside of the book there are images from the film, making it look very much like a collector's item. Warner Bros has really set themselves up nicely for the release of the next six of these. Overall I was extremely pleased with this edition of the movie and cannot wait for the rest to be released.
A wonderful collector's item. These box sets are extremely nice; at almost 7-3/4 inches (194mm) tall, 5-3/4 inches (145mm) deep and just over 2 inches (52mm) wide, make sure you have enough room on your shelf to display these (remember, there's going to be eight of these sets). The box itself has to be the best design of a blu-ray package I have seen yet, it is constructed of very heavy laminated cardstock with a magnetic catch to hold it shut and has a thin cardstock sleeve to protect it. The two blu-rays and one dvd are stored in a folding plastic and cardstock case that is kept inside the box. The film itself is beautifully remastered so the stunning scenery and somewhat impressive special effects truly come to life. If you are a true Harry Potter fan, then this Ultimate Edition is a must own especially on blu-ray. The contents include: A blu-ray disc with the theatrical version and the extended version with 7 deleted scenes of over 6 and a half minutes worth of film and the "In-movie experience" (picture in picture commentary with behind the scenes footage for the theatrical version only). Languages: Spoken - English and Spanish; Subtitled - English (for the hearing impaired) and Spanish. A second blu-ray disc with special features such as: Behind the Story - -Introduction with Daniel Radcliffe (2 minutes) -Creating the World of Harry Potter, Part 1: The Magic Begins - a behind the scenes documentary about the endeavor of casting and creating the world for filming. (1 hour, 2 minutes) -A Glimpse into the World of Harry potter - an international TV Special from 2001 Additional Footage - -Deleted scenes that are included in the extended version: Dudley's new School Uniform, Petunia Cracks Eggs with Letters Inside, Tube Ride, Kids Leave Girls Bathroom, Harry sits by Fire in Great Hall, Harry Finds Nicolas Flamel Card, Snape Classroom (extended) Trailers and TV Spots - -3 Theatrical Trailers -15 TV Spots A dvd disc of various special features from the first special edition release on dvd (I think, since I never owned this dvd): -A guided tour of Hogwarts in 3D (like internet home tours with narration) -An interactive scavenger like setup for exploring the world of Harry Potter -Interviews with the Producers, Director, Screenwriter, Production Designer about cast, scenery, screenplay and special effects of the first film. (16 minutes) -Dvd-rom features, packed full of cool stuff An envelope with two collectible cards of a series (Harry Potter, Minerva McGonagall) A disc for the digital copy And a photo book of stills and concept art from the entire storyline focusing on locations and sets.
Deleted scenes I also loved the books and the movie but just like someone else said, the film is the real highlight of the DVD. All the special features are aimed to kids except an interview of 15 minutes with Chris Columbus and others. I'm writing this review to give a fast way to find the deleted scenes but you must have the SEARCH function on your DVD player. Go to track 80(80/84) of the second DVD with the SEARCH function. Then, select the 5 th bottle and the stone. That way, you can see the deleted scenes without playing the whole game each time. There is only 6 minutes of deleted scenes on the DVD. Not 10 minutes like I read on the HP website. The deleted scenes are interesting but hardly essential and you can find them as well on the video.
A magical movie the whole family will enjoy What a sensational family movie! Daniel Radcliffe stars as Harry, a rather pitiful orphan, who lives with his mean aunt and uncle. On his 11th birthday, Harry discovers he is a wizard and happily leaves home for Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There, he makes his first-ever pals - classmates Ron and Hermione, and their friendship is the heart of the story. We follow the trio as they go through their first year at school attending magic classes, finding adventure, and even solving a mystery that puts Harry face-to-face with the dark wizard who killed his parents. Radcliffe captures the innocence and sadness of Harry, as well as his daring-do and sense of fun. Rupert Grint, as his sidekick Ron, delivers most of the comedy lines and is very appealing. Emma Watson plays Hermione with a heart of gold underneath her bookish bossiness. They are supported by a stellar cast, including Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman. There is lots of action, fun special effects, and some sweet, poignant moments as well. All ages can enjoy this movie, even if you haven't read the book. It's wholesome family entertainment that will leave you feeling good and looking forward to the next film in the series. Kona
Great Movie!!! At first I was reluctant to see this movie because I didn't want to ruin the books. I decided to see it anyways in the small hope that it might be good. I am so glad I saw it!!! This movie is completly true to the book. Besides a few minor details at the end it was almost exactly like the book. The director obviously relized the importance of not changing the movie from the book... This movie stays interesting all the way to the last scene. If your a Harry Potter fan than you should definetly see this movie!!!
A future classic! I saw the movie 4 times - something I've never done before! I found it to be a wonderful retelling on J.K. Rowling's most excellent book. Each successive time I saw it, I found something I missed and things that I eagerly anticipated seeing again. It is wonderful to have a face to put the names to in the book. This will make rereading them all the more enjoyable for me. Even though the movie is almost 3 hours long, I found the time to have gone so fast that I was left wanting more. I would have liked to have seen more than just the one Quidditch match, although that one was very thrilling to watch - made me feel like I was in the stands cheering. I eagerly look forward to the next two movies.
Good for the fans Spirited adaptation of the first of J.K. Rowling's phenomenally successful children's books is so keen on being faithful to its original source that it loses a bit of its magic but is marvelous entertainment nonetheless (particularly for the kiddies). Harry Potter is a young orphan boy raised by his meany uncle and aunt who one day learns from a gruff giant named Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) that he is a wizard, and has been accepted into Hogwart's, a school of sorcery for the magically-abled. Once there he experiences all sorts of adventures with new best friends Ron and Hermione, many of them to the chagrin of the school's kindly headmaster Dumbledore (Richard Harris) and the sharp-as-tacks Professor McGonagall (a wickedly zesty Maggie Smith). Perfect casting all around is a plus, not to mention state-of-the-art visual effects, a boisterous score by John Williams and inspired production design by Academy Award winner Stuart Craig (The Last Emperor, Dangerous Liaisons, The English Patient). Fans of the book will delight in seeing all their favourite aspects of Hogwarts brought to life so accurately, but those less familiar with the world of Harry Potter will lose their patience by the time they get to the anticlimactic last third. It's not as winsomely funny as the book, but it's still quite the charmer. Title in America is Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
THE WONDER OF ENCHANTMENT For a lot of reasons, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is probably a tempting movie to criticize. After all, there is almost nothing a critic hates more than a film that is practically - baring some unforgivable act of gross incompetence - a guaranteed success, despite anything he or she might happen to write about it. At any rate, while some may quibble with the notion that Sorcerer's Stone is too much like the book that inspired it, the upside for moviegoers is that neither Rowling nor director Christopher Columbus have forgotten the film's primary audience: young readers between the ages of 12 - 16. For those whose parents read the book to them, the age may actually drop a bit below that. For the most part, as every parent knows, it is an audience frequently patronized with the worst sort of infantile pap imaginable, inundated with coarse language and gratuitous violence, or simply ignored altogether. Columbus, to his credit, does none of the above. In remaining true to his audience, Columbus has, in fact, delivered a film for all of us. It is obvious Columbus knows, for instance, that a young audience wants to see on the screen what it read in the book. In pursuit of this goal, Columbus and screenwriter Steve Kloves have fashioned characters and settings true to the letter and the spirit of the novel. The characters, especially, strike just the right chord of familiarity. Certainly, we all know that familiarity can wander over the line into disinterested comfort. Remarkably, the characters in Sorcerer's Stone never do. Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid, for instance, looks just as we expect him to. More important, he radiates a warmth and trust that serves as a secure anchor in those moments when events seem to be spinning out of control. As good as Hagrid is in the book, Coltrane's Hagrid is more vivid on the screen. Which brings us to the performance of Daniel Radcliffe in the role of Harry Potter. At first glance, Radcliffe seems reticent and withdrawn, hidden behind a gauze curtain, an uncertain hero. Yet we cannot forget that Harry Potter is an eleven year-old orphan whose parents have been murdered. He is a foundling whose caretakers resent his existence and actively disapprove of everything he is and, worse, in their own eyes, everything he will become. He is forced to sleep in a closet under the stairs and absorb a constant stream of verbal and physical abuse from his malevolent aunt and uncle and their overindulged son, Dudley. Yes, of course Harry is withdrawn. Small wonder. Or, as my daughter would say, "Duh!" In fact, Radcliffe's performance is entirely consistent with Harry's history and upbringing, and Columbus has wisely ensured that, as the chronicle of films progresses, the character of Harry has somewhere to go. There are, after all, six movies still to come. Columbus has clearly determined that, unlike some other celluloid heroes of recent memory (Indiana Jones springs to mind), the character of Harry Potter should have some room to develop, otherwise both the young wizard and his friends would grow quickly stagnant. Another notable attribute of the film is that the atmosphere and setting, through the more subtle elements of special effects, are beautifully realized. As the first-years are journeying across the lake, their - and our - first view of Hogwarts Castle is absolutely breathtaking, a spectacular, gothic memory from a medieval dream. Inside the castle are stairways that move, pictures that talk and go about their daily routines, and a splendid dining hall that evokes the grandeur of a cathedral. When the Sorting Hat pronounces "GRIFFINDORE" on this opulent stage, Harry's adventures officially begin. Yes, the adventure has its obvious, special effects masterpieces. The Quidditch match is a high-flying, fast-paced extravaganza of soccer, polo, and basketball on broomsticks. The chess match is the high point of the film. At the same time, there are special effects so well done that they don't draw attention to themselves. The messenger owls flying gracefully into the dining hall to deliver envelopes and parcels is a brief, finely structured, aerial ballet that is easy to take for granted because we are momentarily suspended in the world of Hogwarts and have willingly cast aside our powers of disbelief. When Hedwig flies above Hogwarts Castle, our spirits and our sense of wonder soar with him. It is an impressive accomplishment. Because it is true to itself and never panders to its audience, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is both exciting and entertaining, an escape to a world where magical things can still happen. It is, in short, a film for the child in all of us.
Set your imagination free. This is the film version of J. K. Rowling's novel by the same name, the first in the Harry Potter Series. It's an imaginative, fascinating, fun-filled, awe-inspiring movie for all ages, regardless of whether you've read the books or not. (As a matter of fact it was watching this movie that I fell into the Potter mania and started devouring all the books). You will love everything about the movie including the strong characters with their down-to-earth attitude inside their magical worlds and the fascinating possibilities and intricate plots and sub-plots presented in this movie and developed through the series. You'll also enjoy the brilliantly used visual effects, the fantastic scenery, the emotional musical score and, of course, the enchanting, captivating, and sometimes amusing, magic that will take you away to a bewitching place. In this movie Harry discovers, under very unusual circumstances, on his eleventh birthday, that he is a Wizard. He leaves the normal world of Muggles (non-magical folk) where he lives with his Aunt and Uncle and goes to Hogwarts School to be trained in Witchcraft and Wizard. He meets new friends, learns what happened to his parents who died when he was a baby, faces the evil Voldemort for the first time, and shows his courage, bravery and determination trying to prevent the Sorcerer's Stone from falling into the wrong hands. Not only does this movie faithfully captures the world J. K. Rowling created in her books, it also enhances it as only a well made film adaptation can. The actors are so well picked and their performances are so compelling that you'll never read any of the books without imagining the actors in the roles they played. Don't believe the criticism that accuses Harry Potter of being a bad influence on kids and religion before giving it a chance. You will see for yourself that it is not. It is a good-natured story for children (and adults, too) about a group of good-natured characters that face difficult situations and have to put their values and principles to the test in order to triumph over the obstacles they face. Buy this movie and enjoy it with your children and/or the kid inside you. Again, you'll love it. --Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
Great movie, Awful DVD The movie is great and true to the book. The DVD is an atrocity. Someone had no clue about user interface design. The special features are unimpressive and it takes forever to get anywhere. I do not know who thought following an intricate 18 step process to get to the deleted scenes would be fun. For a video game with controllers, great, with a remote in hand, preposterous. There are few interviews and no commentaries. You get two disks full of annoying and ridiculous graphics..I would be insulting game designers everywhere if I refered to them otherwise. They should release a new single disk DVD with the movie and some decent features that you can reach in a straightforward manner.
Great Movie - Frustrating Special Features Like the director, Chris Columbus, I believe that since the book was so well done, the movie shouldn't change anything significant. I needn't go on about the actors, scenery, music, etc. It's all very well done and extremely entertaining. The movie itself gets 5 stars from me. My review subtracts a star for the second disk which I found extremely frustrating. There is some very nice material included but it's so difficult to find while wading through the inconsequential filler material that it almost isn't worth it. BTW - if you have a search function on your DVD player (on my remote, it is accessed through the 'Display' button) the deleted scene access screen is #77
A magical experience I am a huge Harry Potter fan and have read each of the books four times...so when I went to see the movie it was with a lot of expectations...and yes I do agree with a lot of the reviewers that the movie did not capture all the magic of the book and the axing of characters like Peeves the Poltergeist was dissapointing. But that being said, the sheer thrill of walking a while in Diagon Alley and seeing Hogwarts loom large and clapping and screaming through the Quidditch match was something that made every minute in that dark hall worth it. Most people go to the movies expecting the film to live up to the book in every way. But that is rarely if ever going to happen. Harry Potter has excited the imagination of a generation and the images we conjur up in our mind's eye are ours alone...just because Chris Columbus could not translate a million fantasies exactly the way we want it does not make this a bad movie...we must remeber that JK Rowling was with him on this film every step of the way...and however much you find fault with it you are touched by the magic of Harry Potter and his motley band of friends...I would definitely reccomend the DVD...and let a little of the magic touch you too.
Excellent! My then 4 & 5 yr old girls and I stumbled upon this on TV one day - and watched intently to the end! It captivated all of us! Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) learns that he is the son of 2 wizards and has powers of his own. Harry sets off for Hogwart's, a school where young witches and wizards learn witchcraft and wizardry. There he meets and befriends Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermoine (Emma Watson). The three of them are great together! We watch their adventures as the 3 of them learn different spells and how to use their wands and broomsticks. Some of the rest of the cast; Alan Rickman as Snape, the Potions Master, the late Richard Harris as Dumbledoor, the Dean of the school, Maggie Smith as Macgonagall, and Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid, the friendly, giant like, lover of strange animals who also befriends the kids. Harry learns how his parents died and then faces the very evil Valdemort, who tried to kill Harry when he was a baby, leaving a scar on his forehead. Harry and his friends keep the Sorcerer's Stone safe from evil and the ride along the way is brilliantly done with special effects! There is one VERY real game of chess played - magnificently orchestrated and will keep you on the edge of your seat! I don't want to give it all away! This is an excellent movie for kids and adults alike! I recommend it fully! 1smileycat :-)
Leaving the Muggles Behind As a reviewer, I have a tendency to wordiness, and usually look disparagingly at reviews of ten words or less, all in caps, which basically say "WOW!" This is the first time I have had to struggle with the temptation simply to say something like "ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE! THIS MOVIE WILL BLOW YOUR MIND! DON'T COME HOME WITHOUT IT!" and leave it at that. For one thing, it really is that good. For another, there is so much to say about it that one's mind boggles at trying to keep within a reasonable limit. Since there will be countless reviews that discuss plot, effects, and individual performances, I will leave those to others, and focus on some things that I found of special note. The first thing that struck me about the film (other than the fact that I was unable to stop staring at my monitor while it was playing) is the sense of 'rightness' one gets while watching. What I mean by that is, given a book that has way too many events to capture in a film, the production still manages to have delivered everything that was necessary and sufficient to make it seem true to the original. This may actually be a first in cinematographic history. Given a tremendous opportunity to tweak or modify the plot or improve on the character the producers have instead remained almost completely faithful to J. K. Rowling's writing and intent. One of the factors in this is the carefully balanced acting. Given that the title is "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," it really should be "Harry, Hermione, Ron, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Draco and even the Weasley's AND the Sorcerer's Stone." Nobody grandstands, nobody overplays his or her part, and nobody ever goes Hollywood. Star or part of the background, there is a lack of pretentiousness (except when one is supposed to be pretentious) which makes you really feel like you are looking into the life of a notable student and his friends at Hogwarts. This invites viewers to immerse themselves in entire tapestry instead of simply hanging on the actions of a particular actor. And what a tapestry it is! Like the book, the film turns out to be just as meaningful for the old and the young. The lessons are delivered in easily digestible bits, leaving the flow of the story undisturbed. Somehow, inside, a part of you knows that maybe, just maybe, you are a little bit better for having watched this film. Harry's need for family, accomplishment, and self-esteem is no stranger to any of us who seek the courage to face our own 'He Who Shall Not Be Named.' So 'BRAVO' says this reviewer, 'VERY WELL DONE INDEED.'
Wonderful, if convoluted OK, so a million other people have written reviews for this, so why one more? Why not. I loved the film itself when it came out in 2001 and I was looking forward to getting it on DVD because of the extra features. Unfortunately, there is no commentary track, which is what I was hoping for, so that's one point off. The good news is that they've included six deleted scenes and one extended version of an existing scene. The bad news is that you need to perform a convoluted procedure to get to them. Here's how to do it. 1/ Put in the second disc (the "extras") 2/ Select "Diagon Alley" 3/ To enter the alley, you either choose 4 incorrect bricks (at which point the DVD gives in and lets you enter), or you choose, in the correct order, 5 bricks out of perhaps a dozen or so. 4/ You then select the *key* on the Gringott's sign. This takes you to a Gringott's screen. 5/ Then you select the coins. Are we getting close yet? Nope. 6/ You return to Diagon Alley, and select Olivander's. You have to pick 3 wands, because the first two you choose are always going to be explosive. Now that you've got your wand, you return to the main menu. 7/ At this point, in the main menu, you can pick the "classroom" (the image of the wand below the white owl). If you didn't go through the first 6 steps, it won't let you in. 8/ Now move the highlight to the cat ("Transfigurations") and push the down arrow. The two owls on the pedestal should highlight. Push enter. 9/ Now the two owls AND the H on the pedestal should be highlighted. Push enter again. 10/ Are we there yet? Nope. Now you have to "get past fluffly". Choose the flute. 11/ Now you have to select the correct key. It's the tiny one in the exact centre of the screen. If you're not sure which one it is, watch the middle of the screen carefully before the animation stops. One of the keys won't be flapping properly -- it's got a broken wing, you see. 12/ Almost there. Now you have to choose the correct potion. It's the round golden one. 13/ Finally, you're at the mirror of Erised. Move the highlight to the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's stone in the middle of the mirror and you'll be presented with a screen that lets you choose from three of the deleted scenes. Be sure to use the forward arrow on that screen to see an additional four scenes. Extremely annoying to get to, but worth it in the end.
HP is a Wonderful Cinematic Experience Closely following the plot of the book, this is a truly wonderful children's movie. I don't know of any adults who have disliked it, either. Harry Potter is an abused child who suddenly finds he is heir to a wondrous fortune -- not necessarily in money, but in his invitation to escape his misery by attending the most famous magic school in the world: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Hogwarts is a great relief for Harry, who had no way out of his horrible predicament before. He makes friends of adults and peers, learns the ethics of using his incredible talent, and even learns that among persons of magic he is quite famous and respected, even at the tender age of eleven. Unfortunately, Harry also has enemies. The fame and respect came at an enormous cost: the lives of his parents and the permanent scar on Harry's forehead. He knows none of this until he is told about it by one of his new friends. Enemies are lurking all around Harry. There is Snape, the potions teacher who appears to be the living manifestation of nastiness. There is Drake Malfoy: snob, rich kid, powerful and known wizard in his own right, and Harry's nemesis from their first meeting. And there is He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named: Voldemort, the great evil wizard who killed Harry's parents, tried to kill baby Harry, and who was nearly destroyed by baby Harry in the process. His reappearance in the wizarding world coincidentally coincides with Harry's matriculation at Hogwarts. Voldemort is an invisible enemy who is always present. He is terrifying, vindictive, and apparently single-minded in his efforts to destroy Harry completely. Harry and his best friend Ron together with Hermione Granger, the smart girl who can research and answer most of the questions the less-studious boys present, make it their goal to prevent any harm to anyone by Voldemort and his minions, while dodging the immediate threat of Malfoy and his minions. Their efforts result in a number of broken school rules, use of their newly-acquired magical abilities in creative ways, and of course a battle for the school title against Malfoy's dorm and a battle to the death against Voldemort. Yes, there are bad guys who can do nasty magic. Before the Christian Right gets bent out of shape about it, they should know that more important are the good guys who use that magical talent for only good things: to heal injuries, to right wrongs, to defend their friends. Children are not meant to believe HP is a true story. Because they are better able to suspend their disbelief, they are much more able than their rigid parents to enjoy the film for what it is. It is a made-up story full of make-believe people with make-believe abilities. Anyone afraid that kids will attempt to "try this at home" needs to get a grip on reality and permit imaginations to explore the limits, removal of those limits, and their consequences. While Harry's magic gets him away from an abusive home, it thrusts him into a sometimes worse situation: his safety and life are threatened. Don't worry, kids: Nobody really gets hurt in the movies. Sometimes they get really big ouchies, though. And HP is full of suspense, excitement, thrills, and adventure. Never fear! The school nurse can painlessly cure anything from multiple broken bones to major head injuries in practically no time at all. The movie hit most of the important parts and the story line was very cohesive. In my opinion, the only thing missing is the development of Harry & Ron's friend Neville. There is a little at the beginning of the Hogwarts segment about him and his pet frog, but the interplay that causes him to try to stop the three main heroes from going after the Sorcerer's Stone is sadly missing. Thus, even those of us who know the book well are startled that Neville suddenly reappears toward the end of the movie. Those who haven't read the book just don't get why Neville bothers to take it upon himself to try to stop Harry and his two best friends from their last effort to protect the Sorcerer's stone from the most evil wizard of all. The actors chosen to play each of the parts were perfect. Snape is truly wicked and makes a fabulous villan. The Defense Against Dark Arts teacher, Quirrell, is deceptively silly and nice, and brutally evil. Dumbledore is wonderfully wise and his eyes sparkle just as they should. Hagrid is exactly the way he should be -- fun, protective, fascinating, kind, gruff, innocent yet knowledgeable about so many things. I cried during Harry's performance before the Mirror of Frised. (No, fellas, this is NOT a "chick flick.") Errant viewers expect every scene and conversation from the book to be in the movie. It can't be done, guys! At least not unless the book could have been read aloud with passion in less than 2 hours. I recommend this DVD for children over seven. The suspense may be too much for them, and some of the scary characters may be too frightening for them. Eights and over, including teenagers and adults, will find the movie spellbinding.
It Lived Up to My Expectations.. I can't think of a single movie in history that had so many preconceived visions to conquer. Not since the decision to cast Tom Cruise in Anne Rice's "Interview with the Vampire" had there been so much "audience" speculation as to the capability of a movie to match what readers had built up in their minds. But Harry Potter was truly amazing. Having read all four books myself (and repeatedly, at that) I too had a mind full of imagery associated with the characters and locations in these books. The kids in the movie (Daniel Radcliffe et al) had HUGE expectations to meet. Not only was this the screen debut for all three, they were playing roles of kids that millions of readers had come to know and love. Without exception, I think all three lived up to expectations. Next is the scenery. While some of the actual settings didn't match up to what I had pictured in my mind, the movie is visually stunning and shows a painstaking attention to detail. Detractors may complain that the movie itself didn't compete with what they had envisioned, I enjoyed the differences in what I had pictured and what the director put on film. With 100 million readers, it would be impossible for any director to satisfy everyone. I think Chris Columbus did a fine job and produced a film worthy of its literary roots. Add to that a host of bonus features and a second disc, this is a purchase worthy of the asking price and will make a fine addition to my collection of DVD's and to my Harry Potter books.
well done movie, poor DVD package Having thoroughly enjoyed all four Potter books so far, I was skeptical about a movie version. Yet I was pleasantly surprised by the movie's general faithfulness to the book. Considering the horrid limitations that constrain moviemakers trying to bring a book to the silver screen, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a very good adaptation. Though I had some minor problems on first viewing: the abbreviation of the book's beginning, the poor portrayal of the scene in the forest, and as great as she is in her own way, Emma Watson did not fit my picture of Hermione--the movie has since grown on me in its own right. On its own, this movie easily gets four stars out of me. But...(and this is a big BUT) with two discs to work with, Warner Brothers has underwhelmed me with the DVD's weak special features. Most of the cool stuff included here has been available free at the Harry Potter website. In comparison with other recent multi-disc releases (Cast Away, The Godfather Collection, The Simpsons Season One) and even some single discs (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, Gandhi) Harry Potter's special features come up miserably short. There is not even a director's commentary (just a woefully short featurette). I give the movie my full recommendation; just don't expect much else from this DVD package.
Excellent movie on DVD; extras are hard to find I'm a little new to the Harry Potter fandom. After seeing this movie on cable for the 900th time, I decided to buy the DVD. I was not sorry for the purchase! I purchased the widescreen edition and found it much more enjoyable than the pan and scan. There are parts that you miss with the pan and scan version like what is happening off to the side of the action. I can't compare this movie to the book...yet...because I haven't in fact read the books but am working on it now. :) I did notice in the first two chapters of the book already that it is in fact different from the movie. The reader sees a bit more into the Dursleys's life than we do in the film. The film picks up when Harry is delivered to his Aunt and Uncle instead of before that when we learn of the fate of Lily and James Potter and baby Harry. What I did find annoying was that the deleted scenes are so well hidden that without help from an instruction manual online, you can't find them. For those of you who need help, as I did, this is how you get to the deleted scenes (I'm sure there are different ways, but this is how I was told to find them.) Insert the second disc and using your remote, you must do all of the following: Hit "Diagon Alley" and enter on your remote. Next is finding the correct bricks. hit: left, up, up, enter up, enter up, enter down, down, enter down, enter Next you need to go to the bank. Highlight the sign "Gringotts" and hit the down arrow key on the remote to highlight the key. You will need that for the bank. Hit right and then enter on the remote. The vault is now open and you can exit. Next you need school supplies. Highlight "Ollivanders" and enter. This is where you purchase your wand. Eventually you will get the wand upon trying each box. Once you find it, you can leave the store. Go to the main menu and hit "classrooms" and from the next screen choose "Potions." Then highlight the mortar and pestle and hit enter. There are three potions you will need to make when asked. Sleeping Potion: Asphodel and Wormwood Alternative Name for Aconite: Monkshood and Wolfsbane Cure for a boil: Snake Fangs and Porcupine Quills Next you need to get the right key for the door. This is the room with the flying keys. You need to hit: right, up, up, right, enter This will have you select the small key with the broken wing. Next you have to choose the right potion from seven of them. Choose the yellow bottle (right, right enter). From that point, you will get to the mirror of Erised and the Sorcerer's Stone. Highlight the stone and hit enter. Now you can see the hidden clips! There are tons of other hidden things on this disc. You just have to play around with finding the items. There is also another hidden part on Disc 1. When you get to the main menu, hit right arrow on the remote to highlight the owl and enter. This gives you your own invitation to go to Hogwarts!
A magical journey all fans of the book would enjoy If you are a fan of Harry Potter, you just as well would enjoy the film version. Well, at least I did. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a very magical film. I loved it. The first time I saw it in theatres, I thought it was incredible. It's witty at times and even wonderful at times. I thought it was just the fantasy everyone needed. You don't have to be a kid to enjoy the movie. As fans know, the first installment of Harry Potter is about the young wizard discovering that he is a wizard and is sent to a school called Hogwarts where he meets friends and teachers and becomes sort of a wizard-celebrity because many thought he vanished Voldemort, the guy who gave him a famous scar and killed many, including Harry's parents. The film is a bit too dark for anyone under eight, but I liked this film. For the record, I do not think Chris Columbus ruined Harry Potter because the sets were wonderful. They were exactly the ones readers would imagine if they ever read the book. Columbus, who I am actually a fan of makes the magic of Harry Potter. This is one of my favorite films from the director of family comedies. He kind of breathed life into the Harry Potter at the movies. The acting is pretty one-dimensional. Daniel Radcliffe stars as Harry Potter - even though probably note the most convincing actor out there, he is actually pretty believable and looks a bit like the imagined-Harry Potter. Rupert Grint is pretty good as Ron Weasley, Harry's best friend and sidekick. But I think the one that really shot through the audiences is probabl young Emma Watson who plays Hermione Granger, Harry's other best friend and female sidekick. The three is pretty good together, walking through the corridors. Looks pretty natural, though. I like the threesome and I think Columbus is pretty good at directing children. The British-supporting cast is pretty good, with the exception of Richard Harris who I believe is Irish? Anyway, I loved Maggie Smith as McGonagall and of course Alan Rickman as Snape (turst me, he is super-funny). I also liked Julie Walters (one of my favorite actresses) as Mrs. Weasley. The cast is just wonderful. I loved the cast. I have seen the film six times so far and I still love it. I won't mind watching it again because it's really wonderful and it's one of my favorite recent fantasy films. It's a magical films and I am guessing many audiences would enjoy it because it's really just-what-you-imagined. Many fans have complained that the first film is a bit sugarcoated, but I still like it! The sugarcoating is done pretty good and it doesn't piss off the readers. Overall, great film, and not a one to be missed.
A faithful adaptation I will always think fondly of this movie because it inspired me to pick up the first Harry Potter book and I've been a rabid fan ever since. I'm one of those book before movie people so I had to read the novel in order to go see this movie and I was pleased to see that it was such a faithful adaptation to Rowling's wonderful tale. This movie did a wonderful job of capturing the wonder and awe of the first HP novel. Hogwarts was an especially lovely effect and when Harry first walks into the Great Hall and all the candles are floating overhead, I felt all the magic I felt when reading those words on the page. I think Columbus and crew captured the essence of the castle and somehow managed to create a visual of something so fantastical. The casting of the movie was also extremely well done. I adore Maggie Smith as McGonagall and Richard Harris captures the mischievous and wise nature of Dumbledore. Perhaps best of all the adult casting is that of Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid. He looks exactly as I pictured the character but, more importantly, he captures Hagrid's rather childlike nature and the accent is wonderful. Coltrane doesn't just portray Hagrid, he is Hagrid. I also thought the children were wonderfully cast. Daniel Radcliffe looks like Harry and I fought back tears when his earnest young face first looked into the Mirror of Erised. Rupert Grint looks just as I pictured Ron Weasley and Emma Watson is wonderfully bossy and a fantastic know-it-all as Hermione Granger. The casting of the Phelps brothers as the Weasley twins was absolutely brilliant and I think they were dead on in their interpretation of the lovable scoundrels. Yet in spite of its fantastical nature, this film, like the book, feels as though it is something like our own reality. There are many wonderful things in Harry's world but it's not that different from our own. The same prejudices and the same human frailties that exist in our world exist in Harry's. Though being a wizard is pretty darn cool, it's not the answer to Harry's problems and the film makes clear that he has some difficult challenges ahead of him. I think the central theme of this movie is one that is invaluable for both children and adults alike: that love is the most powerful magic that exists. Even with all the wand waving and fantastical creatures, it is love that is Harry's salvation.
Finally!!! Imagination and Wonder Have Returned! Naysayer after naysayer tries to write off this film, and those which followed, as well as the books, as fluff for kids. Others went as far to say that this franchise had satanic or evil qualities about it. I say that's a bunch of bull. These movies and books do something for kids(and adults) that hasn't been done since films like "The Neverending Story" and the original "Star Wars" trilogy came along. It allows kids to use their imagination. It gives them hope that there is something magical and wonderful in this world. Regardless if you believe in witchcraft or anything of that sort, let kids have some FUN!. Sorry to be preachy, but for the last fifteen or so years, kids have been hammered with "suggestions" from professionals, preachers and the ACLU as to what they should be watching and doing. Well guess what folks, kids need to have fun. Granted, they do need to learn right from wrong and good from evil, but they have to live a little as well. "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" gives kids a chance to laugh, scream in fear and be awed all at the same time. Who in their right mind didn't pretend to be a wizard, witch, knight, cowboy, football star, etc. when they were growing up. Today's kids have been robbed of that privilege by overprotective parents and worry-wart professionals. So just sit back, relax and watch a pretty cool kid do some pretty cool things. Harry is a wonderful role-model for kids. He is respectful of others, minds most of the rules(the ones he breaks are broken with the best intentions), and fights for what's right. He doesn't whine about being in a rough situation. He makes decisions that would make any parent proud. Oh, and by the way, he doesn't use his powers for evil purposes. He actually fights evil. Please don't let the whackos scare you away from this movie or anything related to it. I'm a Catholic convert, and if you know anything about Catholic converts, you know that we're pretty holy-roly. I don't see anything evil or satanic about Harry or any of his friends. I'm not afraid that I'll find my daughter doing incantations sometime in the future trying to conjure up some evil spirit. Instead, she'll be using her imagination, much like all of the kids that I grew up with, and pretending to be a warrior or a crimefighter or even a witch! Who cares? Just let the kiddies have some fun and quit strangling their childhood. Sorry for going off, but in today's world, somebody has to say something. God bless you J.K. Rowling, for bringing wonder and imagination back to life in a time where so many are trying to destroy it. Highly recommended film, highly recommended book. I enjoyed this as much(if not more) than my daughter.
Of the Released Films ... ... this is probably the best one. It captivates the audience with the magic and dreams of a young boy (Harry Potter) finally learning who he really is -- and discovering that he is something special. As is generally the nature of the film business, sequels never quite match up to the pilot film. This is not to say that "Chamber", "Prisoner" and "Goblet" were not good movies; they were. This is simply better. The story takes us on a tour of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft -- as unlikely place as any in the realm of fiction -- and introduces us to some delightful characters. The sanguine master, Professor Dumbledore; loyal and gentle giant, Hagrid; sinister and sulking, Professor Snape; and of course the main characters, Harry, Hermione and Ronald Wesley. Harry is singled out almost immediately as exceptional and develops a continuing advisary in the guise of Draco Malfoy. Draco represents everything Harry is not. He comes from a wealthy, well-known family; has influence, is arrogant and is sure of himself. In the sequels we come to know him a bit better (and dislike him even more) but even in the first film, he reminds us of the kid in school we always hated (envied?). The imagination runs wild as Harry and his new friends discover many delightful objects and puzzle over situations. The mirror that shows one's innermost desires, a trek thru the dark forest to look for unicorns, fluffy the three-headed dog, wizard's chess, and the mystery of the sorcerer's stone itself. The music score well fits the scenes depicted and tends to be on the light side. Characters are well played and believable (within the realm of the story at least). And the ending - if not a surprise - is at least not a letdown. One finishes the film smacking his lips in anticipation of the next release. This is a movie to be enjoyed by audiences of all ages. Adults will marvel at the special effects and probably remember their own childhood experiences in school. Kids will delight to the characters and the many devices throughout the film. The action is mild enough that even the youngest of children can watch without parents having to worry about language or violence. Want a good evening's entertainment with the family in front of the television. You can't go wrong with this one. *** Highly Recommended *** ~pjm~
It was meant to be. I think everyone was way to critical of this movie. First of all, any book adapted to the screen will be lacking. Endings have been changed, characters have been altered and the actor usually playing your favorite character is not the person you envisioned in your mind. Second, scenes had to be omittied. It's a 300 page book with more twists and turns than most writers could imagine. Had every detail been left in, we would have sat in the theater for a good 4 hours at least. Which is fine with most adults, but imagine trying to keep your 5 year old interested. Third, I was thrilled that they picked inexperienced child actors. It wouldln't have been nearly as believeable had they used Hollywood born and raised kids who know no emotion but the scripted ones. Fourth, it was done the way the author saw it fit to be done. She oversaw every detail of every shot. Who's to argue with that? I loved the movie. I loved it more each time I saw it. It made the magic come to life for me and made me realize how angry I was that I didn't get a letter from Hogwart's on my birthday. It was phenomenal. And I can't wait for the following movies.
After seeing this once... I'm hooked! Before I bought this movie, I had never read a Harry Potter book. In fact, I really had no idea who he was (except for the bits of information from my brother). I read several reviews, and decided I would go ahead and buy the DVD when it first came out. I have not regretted my decision since. Prepare to be amazed as Harry Potter, a not-so-ordinary boy becomes an extraordinary wizard. The plot line is interesting, and the movie more than adequately explains the story to those of us who were not previous addicts. A new viewer will easily be able to catch on quickly. This movie has everything from fantasy to sci-fi to sports action to science. A truly great movie that everyone can enjoy. The DVD is well worth the money to purchase, as much for the special features as for the movie. The makers of this DVD have gone the extra mile to bring you a tour of the magical Hogwarts, so that after the movie you can do a little bit of exploring on your own. This feature had me hooked for hours. There are numerous others, so prepare to spend an evening with this DVD. The movie is great for those with children, because it is very clean compared to other movies. If you have young children, however, please remember that this is a PG film so you may want to view it once before you purchase. If you're not into the magical realm of movies, then I recommend that you rent this one before you buy. If you like a good movie that is interesting and entertaining for all ages, and will keep your interest throughout this is the movie to buy. The special features of this DVD are the icing on the cake.
A hearty, destiny-driven quest "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" may be best summed up as a hearty, destiny-driven quest. The costume design, art direction, and score by the invincible John Williams are among the best of the year, but it is the film's strict adherence to J.K. Rowling's engrossing tale that makes it worthy of its record setting box office numbers. A far more centralized and child friendly flick than "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring", Harry Potter fans could not ask for anything more than what fluidly caresses the movie screen. I don't imagine that the movie is any less fun on the small screen, either. The only measurable flaw with "The Sorcerer's Stone" is Chris Columbus' failure to bust out the magic of child actor directing he showed in deserving family films like the "Home Alone" series. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson, who play the popular triumvirate of Harry, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger, often seem delayed in their reactions and pretty stiff in their dialogue. Radcliffe redeems himself when it counts, though, in a cliffhanging ending that pits him against his worst enemy and unescapable destiny. Alan Rickman's strong but underused performance as nasty Severus Snape made us hate his role all the more. My verdict: A film worthy of family time and enjoyment that children and, yes, even teens like myself deserve to see when they go to the movie theater. David's Favorites: Best actor or actress: Alan Rickman Best scene: Quidditch game. Comparable to: "The Lord of The Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring"
How to find the cut scenes. Wonderful DVD, but finding the deleted scenes wasn't fun. Here's how: 1. On the Opening screen on Disc two, select Diagon Alley (Hedwig) 2. Put the selector thingy on Gringotts, then press down selecting the key, click to get to the gringotts area then select the Galleon, Sickle, and Knut and click 3. Now you should be back at the main page for diagon alley, go to ollivander's and have fun selecting your wand (not sure if its the same for every DVD) 4. Go back to the main screen and select the wand and click, getting to the classrooms 5. Select Transfiguration (the cat), then hit down to select the owls on the torch, then hit up to select the H on a Shield. Click 6. At Fluffy, select the Flute and click 7. At the Keys, select the Silver one in the middle with a bent wing (its the only one that is completely over the door in the background) 8. At the Bottles (which was not in the Movie) select the round one with the yellow liquid 9. Select the Red stone in the mirror to get to the cut scenes(only seven, but i bet theres more)
Extremely Enjoyable But Excessively Literal J.K. Rowling's novels have been such a phenomenal success that the film version of HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE had a built-in audience that had to be pleased--and director Chris Columbus set out to do precisely that by cramming as much of the book as possible onto the screen. The result is a fast-paced film with arresting visuals and plenty of special effects. But while it looks magnificent, it doesn't really capture the novel upon which it is based. The problem, of course, is that Columbus and company have crammed so many of the book's details into the film that there's not much time for either story or character development: we're too busy looking at owls, shifting stairs, and the like, and it becomes somewhat difficult to keep track of the main story line and the numerous characters who support it. Fortunately, the cast is strong enough to carry it off--the young Emma Watson is particularly enjoyable, and the main characters are supported by a host of distinctive actors whose memorable faces help keep us more or less on track. Ultimately... it is a fun film, very enjoyable for adults as well as children, and you'll probably watch it several times over and enjoy it each time. But it does not live up to its billing as "the event film that doesn't disappoint," nor is it really imaginative enough to be considered "the Wizard of Oz of this generation." The second DVD has a number of add-ons designed largely for the younger set (some of them require a computer) that they will enjoy; there is little in the way of special material for the grown-ups. Recommended nonetheless.
Watered down but still magical I liked the movie version of this wonderful book for the reason that it was Harry Potter, plain and simple. I could not bring myself to give it less than four stars; still, I could not give it five, either. The book was, of course, better than the movie. What can you expect? That's the way it always goes down. I'll get my picky details out of the way. If you didn't read the books, you don't care about these. First, it was a slight irritation to me that Harry's hair was in no way messy. That was actually a pretty big part of the book and his character. Second, the whole movie's mood and tone were different that the book's. The book was more matter-of-fact - everything about Hogwarts was just like an average English boarding school - except magic was bursting from every wall. The wizard-born students treated it like it was normal. But in he movie, every quirk (the moving pictures or owl post, for example) was accompanied by a mysterious, twinkling background music. I did like it, but I had to completely separate the movie from the book - almost as if they were completely different stories. The special effects were interesting. Most of all, however, I loved the spirited performances by Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, and Daniel Radcliffe. I loved Rupert Grint as Ron. He was my favorite character. The way he conveyed Ron's half-awkward, half-arrogant presence and delivered those lines that Ron didn't mean to be funny, but were anyway. I hoped this review helped you decide whether the movie's worth seeing, whether or not you've read the books.
Awesome Movie Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone the movie made the book come to life. I finally know exactly how a Quiditch game is played and what the castle really looked like. The movie made all of the character seemed exactly as I saw them in my mind. The movie was thrilling! I want to see it again and again and again...
Blu-ray not extended edition I bought the Blu-Ray/DVD/Digital copy. Now I was not expecting the digital copy to still be valid, but I did expect the blu-ray to have the extended version, not only the theater version. I know there is an extended blu-ray out there, I guess I will have to hunt a bit more for the correct version. To my knowledge only HP1 and HP2 have been released in extended versions, but finding the right blu-ray will prove to be a challenge.
Good price, good content - but not "ultimate" These ultimate editions are a pretty good value, especially if you don't own the films on Blu-Ray yet. They're only about $10 more than the normal editions, and they come with loads of extras. However, I feel like when you call something an "ultimate" edition there's nothing more you can add to it. There's a lot here, but I think any Harry Potter fan would feel like you could have more content. What you do get are 3 discs loaded with stuff. You get pretty much everything you get from the original edition (which includes trailers, TV spots, deleted scenes, and a few other small features). What you get that's new is a 1 hour documentary of the making of the first film. it looks like each of these ultimate editions will come with a new chapter of making the film. So once all 8 films are released, you should end up with 8 hours of the making of Harry Potter. The packaging is pretty nifty. You get a hardcover art book, 2 cards (one of Harry and one of McGonagall), and a digipak case which contains the 3 discs. The art book has stills from the film, but the quality is exceptionally bad. I wish they had gone the Lord of the Rings Extended Editions route with these ultimate editions and re-cut the movie to include an hour of footage that you know they filmed but cut. I wish we had gotten commentaries from the actors and production team. I supposed we'll never get those now, since this is probably the last edition they'll release. It's a shame, because it could have really made this a great value and a must own for Harry Potter fans. So should you buy this? If you don't already own the films on Blu-Ray then it's definitely a must own. The extra content is worth the money. However, if you already own a Blu-Ray copy of the movie I can only recommend this for a die-hard Harry Potter fan. You're essentially paying $30 for a 1 hour documentary, a low-quality art book, some cards, and an extra cut of the film where they say "Philosopher's Stone" instead of "Sorcerer's Stone"
WHAT!...no extended version coming out? I purchased this DVD quite some time ago....and quite frankly, I should bequeath upon it FIVE stars instead of four...and would have EXCEPT for something that happened this last weekend. I was visiting friends for the weekend and on Saturday (I think), ABC Family Channel was showing Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone. It was a dreary afternoon so my friends and I settled down to a couple of hours of watching young Harry in his first year at Hogwarts. Suddenly, while watching the movie, I sat up and exclaimed out loud. "Hey, that wasn't in the movie!" Indeed, my friends and I agreed that we had just witnessed a scene that was not in the DVD version we all had (and therefore assumed not in the theatrical version either). After that first surprise, we watched with rapt attention and extra scene after extra scene passed before us to the place where we were kinda making it into a game as to who would discover something new first. Well I was excited at the notion that maybe the makers of the Potter movies were doing what Peter Jackson did with LOTR: namely, bring out extended versions of the original movies, a year or two after the first DVD release, When I got back home, I knew I had to find out if extended versions were indeed coming out. Of course I went to Amazon. com. ...only to read MenollyK's review which stated that the original DVDs were actually trimmed down versions of the movies that were seen in the theatres. I hadn't seen the first two Potter movies in the theatres so I wouldn't have known this. I remembered how George Lucas had trimmed down the very first VCR versions of Star Wars, episode IV back in the early 80's, And just like Lucas I supposed the powers-that-be behind the Potter films didn't think the viewers would notice (let alone mind) if they also cut a few things out. Of course, someone could buy the special edition DVD and I guess these scenes can be seen separately from the rest of the movie ...BUT really, what my friends and I saw on Saturday was extraordinary; the extra snippets here and there only added to the magic of the story! Who could possibly be upset at their addition to a film a whole lot of us have loved from the get-go. SO, I give the DVD version of The Sorceror's Stone FIVE stars because the movie is still wonderful; minus ONE star because someone decided that those extra scenes weren't necessary for those of us who paid good money for the DVD (even tho ABC Family Channel apparentally thought otherwise). Who knows, maybe there is a charm (or a curse) that will compell the powers-that-be to release the movies in their entirety some day. Until then, take care!
Hooked Me From The First Scene By the time that Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone hit DVD, I was probably the last person on the planet that hadn't seen the movie or even read any of the four books that were out by that time. I finally watched the first movie when I was house sitting for a friend. I'll admit I watched just to see what all the fuss was about. Two and a half hours later I was hooked. The movie captivated me from the very first scene. In fact, the next day I went out and bought all four of the books and eagerly started reading them. I wanted to have them finished before the second movie came out which (at the time) was going to be in theaters that November. Quite simply this movie is just pure magic. It is still my favorite of the movies. John Williams' score really pulls you right into the movie. Each actor delivers believable performances. Even the kids. I've heard people say that the kids just weren't all that great in the acting department, but I have to disagree. I had no trouble believing that Daniel Radcliffe was Harry Potter or Rupert was Ron or Emma was Hermione. In fact, Hermione is my favorite character and Emma Watson captured her perfectly. Then there was Maggie Smith as McGonagall. Loved her. Christopher Columbus really did a brilliant job in bringing the first book to the screen. I can't give this movie enough praise. I haven't been as captivated by a movie since the first time I saw the original Star Wars back in 77. This is pure movie magic at it's best. I just wish that I like all of the other films as much as I like this one.
Pretty good I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, I loved the books. And the first time I saw the movie, I was very impressed with it and I was ecstatic that they kept true to the book. But then I saw it a second time.... It's not that it's a bad movie, but, like someone else said, it DID feel rushed. They tried to hurry along scenes that should have been way more drawn out. I know it's a movie aimed at kids, but it could have been longer and people would not have minded if the movie had just gone at an even pace. But it was rushed and it skipped over important scenes and rushed on to the next one. And, although the kids were cute, their acting was not top-notch. I know, I know, I can't demand Oscar-winning acting from kids, but their expressions of fright were so fake and they just didn't act natural. Seriously, when you are scared, do you slowly back away with your eyebrows up and your mouth open and your eyes bugged out??? They were just trying too hard. Nevertheless, I gave the film 4 stars because it was very faithful to the book which I appreciated and it was a good movie.
Fantastic First Harry Potter Movie! I am a huge Harry Potter fan and as a rule, I always have to read the books before I watch the movies. I felt that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, the first of the movies, followed the book fairly well and included a lot of the details from the book without making it into such a long movie. This movie was magical with some of the darkness that Harry experiences in his years at Hogwarts, but not so much that it is too scary. I never get tired of watching these movies and it is always fun to start over at the beginning and watch all of the movies over from the beginning. If you've never seen or watched the movies, I would recommend reading the book first and then watching the movie so you get the whole picture of Harry's story; however, the movie does a great job telling a lot of the story. I highly recommend this movie!
A Wonderful Movie--A Great DVD Unlike some people who complained about Chris Columbus' so closely following the book in his adaptation of JK Rowling's first book in the HARRY POTTER series, I LOVED the fact that all the sights and sounds I had pictured in my mind came so wonderfully to life in this film. Outstanding acting by the 3 juvenile leads, a wonderful supporting cast of Britain's best character actors (a stand-out is Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid), fantastic special effects, and a true sense of wonder--something not often found in "kid" flicks these days (look at what else passes for a kid flick: Max Keeble's Big Move, Snow Dogs, etc.). The DVD is wonderfully presented, although I must confess that it took me longer than I thought it would to crack the codes to find the deleted scenes. Beautifully packaged, nicely put together (although it could have used a sneak peek at HP & THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS), totally enjoyable. My wife, who did not see the film in the theaters or read the books, became a Harry Potter fan after watching this movie. Now we are both waiting for the next film--and praying that JK Rowling doesn't off poor Ron.
Harry Potter Comes to Life on the Screen I have been a Harry Potter fan for quite some time and have read all the books out so far, some more than once. I loved the first movie and even tho Harry seemed like a real character the movie gave him a 3D quality all his own. I think it helped to understand the story line better to have read the books. Now when I read the next book I will be able to see the characters in my mind's eye and live their adventures along with them.
Just plain magical I LOVE movies. I go to the movies almost every weekend and as a big movie go-er, I say that the Harry Potter movie was absolutely amazing. The directing and special effects were fantastic. They didn't make the movie to fit the imagination of every Harry Potter reader, they made it to tell the fictional story of Harry Potter and that is exactly what they acomplished. They got actors who I think fit the roles exactly (maybe not their appearance was exactly how your brain imagined them) but overall their personalities were very similar. I advise anyone who hasn't seen the movie to go out asap and see it, if they have read the books or not. I've seen the movie three times already and read the books twice (reading them again at the moment) and I am buying the DVD because I know I will watch it over and over and over and not get sick of it because it's that good. I hope someone knows what I am talking about. Anyways, I defninitely recommend the Harry Potter movie, and I can't wait for others to come!
"Sorcerer's Stone" looks incredible on Blu-Ray A reference quality disc. Everyone knows the film, so I'm just going to address the quality of the Blu-Ray. If you want to know if it's worth upgrading, I give a resounding yes. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in Blu-Ray looks razor sharp. I watched it in 1080i, because my HD TV can't do full 1080p, and in 1080i it looked absolutely incredible. I can only imagine how gorgeous it looks in 1080p. The Quidditch match in particular looks stunning. The bright colors jump out like they did the first time I saw this on the big screen, and you can count individual blades of grass during the final close up of Harry's victorious smile. Cloaks and scarves and lanterns and many small things throughout the film have never looked this alive on standard DVD. Sound is presented in PCM 5.1 or Dolby Digital 5.1 EX. I can wholeheartedly recommend adding the Blu-Ray versions of the Potter films to your library if you've got the hardware. You won't be disappointed.
A movie that did the book justice It is rare that I will admit that a movie version of a book was actually good. Most cases it's the exact opposite. This movie was quite a surprise. The movie didn't skip a thing. Alright, so it skipped a few things, but nothing too important. I just loved the book and was very weary of the movie release only because I didn't want to see my beloved characters destroyed. I was pleasantly surprised when they were just as I had pictured them all (except McGonnegal). I would still suggest reading the book first. Then, definately see the movie!!
A MAGICAL CLASSIC Its been while since Harry Potter films graced the movie theaters, but I just had to write something in praise of these masterpieces, especially the first two movies. These remained probably the most faithful to the excellent books of all the movies, and I think all the films were excellent. Dumbledore was most faithfully played by Richard Harris, who unfortunately passed away before the series got even half way through. His successor was OK but weak compared with Harris. But the wittiness of the characters such as Herminine and Ron and the brilliant special effects kept the series strong especially later on when they became darker. I will write about the other movies later. I only objected to the title which in England was called Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone instead of the Sorcerers Stone. I guess Warner Bros figured people in the US would not know what a Philosophers Stone was. Some minor changes in the story did not alter the main story sequence from the book, which were brilliantly written by J. K. Rowling. She never talked down to the reader even though the books were supposedly written for children. The text is sophisticated and detailed and very descriptive. And I loved the train; I have a passion for steam locomotives and though the British ones look kind of odd without the cow catcher on the front, I will still take a dozen. Beautiful photography and scenery enhanced the visuals. And flawless special effects. If you haven't seen the films or read the books, I strongly recommend them if you like charming, funny, some sophistication and just good story telling; these are not fairy tales yet are top notch fantasy movies. I got all of the movies from AMAZON as well as the books. I give this book five stars. And little Harry, Ron and Herminine are so cute!
Great movie! Tedious Special Features. The movie adaptation of JK Rowling's wonderful Harry Potter books was wonderful. Yes, there were some deleted scenes, but overall, their absence did not detract from the plot. Books will always be better than their movie adaptations, regardless of who wrote them. I have yet to see a 100% true adaptation that was entertaining. One of my favorite parts of owning a DVD player is seeing the deleted scenes. In order to get the scenes for the Sorcerer's stone, though, you had to go through a series of "visits" to Diagon Alley, Hogwarts grounds, & classrooms. While, theoretically, this would be fun, in reality, it was way too much to go through in order to get a paltry extra 10 minutes of footage. It was a worthwhile buy, though, and I'll watch & rewatch it for years to come.
A journey to share, learn from and love that respects the book Loved the books I read when the last was just published some 11 years ago. I saw these movies as they came out in theaters and enjoyed then. But I didn't totally fall in love until I re-watched this with my now 8 year old son. Seeing it in his eyes, fielding his questions, seeing his joy and excitement and what he learned about people as he watched I saw this movie as the gem it truly is for the first time. An easy plot for him, intelligent as he is he is still a child and he even had insights I never considered. I cannot wait to start reading the books with him once we finish the Jungle Book. Harry is a well written child hero overcoming loneliness and sadness of an orphan raised by a cruel aunt and uncle and their equally cruel and spoiled son. Yes it exaggerates but that helps children understand. And it gave me an opportunity to teach my son that people do many hateful things out if jealousy and fear and yet she must have loved her sister because she didn't completely abandon her child. We get to discuss how power corrupts and it takes a strong and moral individual to wield power with compassion and humility. We see the power of friendship and the love of a created family in those we choose to keep around us. And it keeps his interest with fast pace, silly antics, animal friends, magic and mythology made real and of course a triumphant game in the middle. Spoilers.............. The casting was perfect and Harris is by far my favorite Dumbledore. May he rest in peace he was a phenomenal actor and brought gravity and a sense of power and wisdom I didn't feel as much with his replacement. Now we have lost Rickman too and it was a heavy heart I had watching him an his marvelous portrayal of Snape. A true hero disguised as enemy. The children were delightful and now as a parent I see them in another light. My son being much like Hermione. Fearless, bookish, brilliant and often bossy but with an empathy few can match. As a writer I have new and growing respect for Rowling and thank her for sharing her world with us. Yes, while much of it reminded me of the Hogfather it went to places that never did and the journey is incredible in the books and the films are masterpieces that prove they can follow the books with respect and honor and yet create something brilliant and new.
Fantastic story I first watched Harry Potter when I was bored and my friend's daughter (who was 11 at the time) really wanted to go see it. I don't believe I had heard of Harry Potter at all at the time. I figured I'd go with them and have something nice to do that evening. On our way back my friend couldn't stop laughing as I (at the time 23 years old) asked numerous questions to her daughter who had read the first few books. I was completely enchanted with the story (who isn't?) and the very next day I bought the paperback at the grocery store (before Kindles lol). That's how I came to know Harry Potter's world. Now, fast forward a few years and I have two kids, 6 and 4. We are currently stuck at the Toyota dealership waiting for them to fix a recall issue and change the oil... It turns out that if you sit in the right area, you can have a decent free wireless signal. My kiddos are thus enjoying this movie in the Kindle fire. How magical that they can be entertained with the same movie in a place like this? The movie itself will be scary toward the end, but I think with proper guidance and hand holding they'll be fine. My son has seen this already. It's a first for my youngest and she is having a good time.
wonderful movie with a good DVD I guess almost everybody has seen the movie, so I'll stick to the DVD review only. A beatifully packed DVD. When I opened the DVD pack, for a minute I did nothing but admire the DVD cover. The second DVD is full of stuff for kids. As for me, it was a little below expectation. I expected stuff like interview with JK Rowlings, making of the movie, etc. But there is nothing much for the grown-ups. The only thing I found interesting were the deleted scenes. But they are not easily accesible. You have put in your harry knowlege to reach the deleted scenes. To summarize, it is definately a great(must) buy for kids. But otherwise buy the DVD for the movie (and offcourse deleted scenes) but do not expect too much special stuff.
the movie that made me a HP fanatic at first i only heard of harry potter but never really thought to look at it. then i went to see the movie and then i was hooked instantly. now i own every single movie, book, and other stuff. the film is very closly related to the book, it starts off with harry finding out he is a wizard on his eleventh birthday. he is then whisked away to hogwarts school were he will learn to become a wizard. there he meets friends, foes, and learns the truth about his parents death. the film is very good for young ones and for adults to. its magical and enchanting and it just might make you into the Hp fan i have come to after seeing it those couple of years ago.
This Century's Peter Pan "Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone," or as I understand it's released in Great Britain as "HP & the Philosopher's Stone," is a great DVD. Most critics feel if there's a fault to the film, it's that it's TOO faithful to the book. It'd been some time since I'd read the book when I viewed the film. I kept saying, "Oh, I remember that!" Chris Columbus has done an excellent job bringing this magical world to screen. I think Harry Potter, films included, will become as a part of our culture as Peter Pan. The actors are each wonderful in the movie, although action rather than character development is the strength. Daniel Radcliffe does a great job showing the innocence and bravery of Harry. Rupert Grint is a hoot as Ron. Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore gives such a calm wisdom to the part. Maggie Smith as McGonagall is as wonderful as she was in "Gosford Park." Robbie Coltrane who played a great buddy to Johnny Depp in "From Hell" does a great job as the half-giant Hagrid. Alan Rickman perfected screen villany in "Die Hard" and "Robin Hood"; so we love to hate his wonderful sneer. He also performed the great service of seeing Sean Biggerstaff who plays the Quidditch team's head Oliver Wood in a stage play, giving him his first screen break in "The Winter's Guest." Biggerstaff was my favorite of the supporting actors. Fiona Shaw is delightful as the spiteful Aunt Petunia. Tom Felton has come a long way since appearing with Jodie Foster in "Anna & the King" to his role as the hateful Draco Malfoy. John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander the wand salesman does a nice cameo too. The effects in the film are excellent. We really believe in Harry's invisibility cloak. It's such a hoot to see him at night in the restricted section of the library with his hand holding a lantern poking out from under the cloak, as if the hand wouldn't give him away! The three-headed dog, the plant that smothers and the flying keys are all marvelous effects. The DVD version's second disc takes you on an interesting tour of Hogwarts. Now, I have to go back and find those deleted scenes! Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's Stone is thoroughly entertaining. Relax & have fun!
J.K. Rowling has quite the imagination I know this is a movie adaptation, but it is so well crafted that I just had to do a review. Ladies and gentlemen: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I have read the books and They are absolutely wonderful from start to finish. Even 12 years later, and yet this movie is still a timeless classic. I seriously enjoy Harry Potter. Chris Columbus is a great director and watching this movie (as many times as I have) you can really tell that his heart was in the right place in making this story into one of the best movies I have seen. If you have read the books by author J K Rowling, it is obvious that the book and movie are two completely different things but the great thing I can say about Harry Potter films as a whole, is that they ALL stay close to the books; so I don't mind the films being as long as they are. Now on to the acting. There are actors who get offered movie roles, while there are actors who audition and get lucky. Luck had nothing to do with Daniel Radcliffe; because like it or not, He IS Harry Potter. The way he moves, acts, everything about him is Harry Potter. Rupert Grint: Perfect choice for Ron Weasley (there is a humorous side to his character). Emma Watson: intelligence, wit, charm, and grace, Excellent choice for Hermione Granger. Tom Felton: again, HE IS Draco Malfoy, his movements, persona, etc. Alan Rickman as Severus Snape: dark, quiet, and just plain strange, so its easy to see why he plays Severus Snape. The actors chosen for Harry Potter all were spectacular. The story line is intriguing as it is beguiling. And there are NO dull moments in Harry Potter. Fantasy, New worlds, and things that childhood imaginations are made of are what this movie has to offer. All in all, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, is a cleverly brilliant movie that is easy to watch. 5 Stars
Great book -- good movie. Actually, my copy of the DVD is Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. (The Philosopher's stone is a real medieval legend. The title of the book and movie were changed for American audiences. British and Canadian versions have slightly different scenes were the characters say the proper name of the stone.) I have to admit, as I saw the movie I had a big smile on my face. I particularly like Ron & Hermione and Hagrid, although Daniel Radcliffe makes a good Harry. Maybe a little too good. In the book, Harry is not perfect. His mistakes have been sanitized in the film. I found most of the joy I had in watching this film came straight from the book. And overall, the movie is fairly faithful. Maybe a little too much. Peter Jackson's LOTR re-imagined the novel to make it work better on film. At times, the Harry Potter film just seems like a plot summary of the book. Good -- but it doesn't quite sparkle. There is magic in the film, but it is borrowed from JK Rowling's book. LOTR creates its own magic. I also didn't like the Quidditch effect as it seemed confusing and the characters didn't mesh with the background. As for the DVD, it's nice looking. The special features -- well, I've seen discs with a lot more, but there's a good assortment here. Kids might have a lot of fun trying to find the stone and Deleted Scenes. Adults might want to just cut to the chase. Nice that the DVD has the sorting hat song. I wish the film had kept it. All in all, it's an enjoyable way to spend a few hours. I'm looking more forward to the second film.
a mixed bag, but still worth it The BluRay transfer does nothing for the film. John Seale's sometimes flat, muddy cinematography and the rushed FX shots become even more jarringly apparent. The reincorporation of the deleted scenes is a nice feature, however. The "Creating the World of Harry Potter" documentary on the second disc is a very welcome addition. I appreciate when the film makers and studios make a more straight-forward feature like this, especially for a family-friendly or children's movie. Too often they're burdened with boring, kid-friendly infomercials that recycle the same behind-the-scenes footage. Much like... ...the third disc, which is disappointingly just a reprint of the bonus disc from the original 2-disc DVD release from 2002. While that disc was lauded at the time of its original release, the graphics are embarrassingly outdated now (WB couldn't spare a few thousand bucks for a menu refresh?)
Potter DVD disappoints (grownups) The fact that my seven year old son sat stone still, staring at the screen for two and a half hours is testimony to this movie. Truly a very good adaptation of the novel (for my money, a little too true to the book). The DVD brings Harry Potter home, and while the transfer is very good (I bought, and can only recommend, the widescreen version), I found the second disc frustrating. I still haven't reached the hidden deleted scenes, and their just isn't enough stuff for movie buffs or, for that matter, grown up fans of the books. Even my son, who was so caught up in the movie in the theatre, doesn't seem to have the patience or desire to wade through all this. I'm disappointed that a movie that was so popular with adults as well as children would aim the DVD squarely at the younger set (who don't seem to care anyway).
Five Stars Pretty cool edition
One of the best One of my favorites of all the Harry Potter movies! Love how innocent the trio is. Maybe innocent is the wrong word...more like they have no idea what's to come. I tend to like the first couple of movies (and books) more. I think they did a good job with turning the book into a movie. Of course the books are always better but they do hit on most of the important parts. I read the books then watched the movies with my mother who didn't read the books. I did have to explain a few things, but overall she got the jist of it and actually loves the movies as much as I do. This is actually the second time I have bought this movie. I have the complete DVD set (also bought here on Amazon) but I also bought the digital copies to have with me where I go. LoL. Yeah, I'm one of those obsessed Harry Potter fans. These movies turned me into a HUGE Alan Rickman fan. I have since collected almost all of his movies and other works he's done. I love Snape in the first couple of movies the best. I don't know how he didn't get nominated for an academy award for his portrayal of Snape!
Honest, from my povo Actually, I only watched it because clues referring to it come up in crossword puzzles and they've gone right by me. For kids of the right age, or maybe young adults, it clearly is a blockbuster series of sequels. The special effects are well done and the acting, for the most part, is quite good. Luckily for the franchise, I'm not their target audience -- it's one and done for me.
Another Children's Classic When I watched this film it reminded me in spirit of films like Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory and the original Wizard of Oz. Some of the cinematics, such as when they first arrive at Diagon Alley, are almost breathtaking, at least IMO. Book purists may not be quite so fond of the film but if you love watching a good film, I recommend it. I remember thinking, the first time I saw it, that we had another holiday classic on our hands. ;-) This film takes us through Harry's adventures during his first year at Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. We get to meet Albus Dumbledore, the Dean of the school, very reminiscent in some ways of Gandalf the White but with more of a sense of humor; Rubeus Hagrid, the half-giant, great big teddy bear (with a fondness and a blind spot towards dangerous magical creatures such as dragons); and the dark and mysterious Severus Snape, Potions Master at the school. Harry Potter, raised by muggles (non-wizarding folk) known as the Dursleys -- Vernon, Petunia and their son, Harry's cousin, Dudley, finds himself drawninto this adventure when he receives an acceptance letter from Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He learns things about himself, The Boy Who Lived, the only one to survive the dread Dark Lord Voldemort whose power was broken and who vanished with no trace on the night he tried to use a killing curse on Harry Potter. He learns that his parents did not die in an automobile accident, which is what Mr. and Mrs. Dursley had always told him. The school year is full of adventure and wonder and a quest to find and keep the Wizard's Stone (called 'Philosopher's Stone' in the book's British edition) from someone who's trying to steal it in order to gain the Elixir of Life. In this quest Harry and his friends, Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, wrack their brains trying to figure out, with little information, how they can manage to help protect the stone from whoever's trying to steal it. Definitely worth the watch.
What is everyone's PROBLEM!? This movie is great!! ...I would think that all Harry Potter fans would find this movie as wonderfully adapted and enchanting as I did. First of all-the acting was superb! How could anyone say that those such as Robbie Coltrane's acting was flat? He, not including looking the stature and gruffness of Hagrid to a tea, was the best portrayal that they could have possibly found for the role. Really-who else can copy Rubeus Hagrid's accent to such a caliber?!... The kids, Daniel Radcliffe,Rupert Grint and Tom Felton were excellent for their roles-especially Ron, who was played to the at most perfection-he even looked how I imagined him!! Emma Watson is a little too pretty to be Hermione (I always imagined her much plainer,) but she plays Hermione's cleverness and frank scoffs with flair. And lets not forget the actors who portrayed Percy Weasley (who was very business-like and only lacking his Horn-rimmed glasses) The Weasley Twins Fred and George, (both very convincing, though most of their very very funny lines were sadly cut out) and Oliver Wood (who besides being very cute, has a nice Scottish accent that adds to his personality. Great Quidditch captain!!) Second of all: The special effects were awesome-especially the Quidditch match, played, AT LAST, before your very eyes in full-fledged velocity!! I was thrilled to the tips of my fingers, and found that to be spelled out spectacularly in stunning visual effects. Fluffy, though clearly a computer generated three headed dog, was nice and vicious-big teeth and lots of slobber on Ron's shoulder added to his personality. Third of all: They kept all crucial elements in the movie that made the book what it is!! What did they take out, may I ask? They added all of the characters, their great acting and great specail effects, along with keeping all of the best parts and leaving the message that warmed our hearts in the book in the movie. "It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to our enemies-but even more to stand up to our friends..." ...At least I know what this movie is-a spectacular,enchanting, (even though not perfect, but honestly movies can never be as good as books) adaptation to a classic that will live on forever in our hearts and minds! Harry Potter-THE BOY WHO LIVED!! oh yes, and P.S.-Ian Hart did an amazing job as Quirrell-I thought he deserved more credit than he got for his wonderful portrayal. I mean, Really, Who else could scream "TROLL IN THE DUNGEONS!!" so effectively!?
A mix of great actors and newbies brings Harry to life When I read HP & the Sorcerer's Stone, I visualized, as best I could, many of the magical moments experienced by Harry. And I was eager to see what I had imagined on a big screen. For the most part, I was not disappointed. Chris Columbus -- of Home Alone fame -- directs an all-star cast of British greats, mixed with a load of cute kids who, though not perfect, are creditable in sharing their awe and excitement at the magical world unfolding before them. I especially enjoyed Maggie Smith as one of Harry's teachers at Hogwarts, a part that is anti-thetical to her role the same year in Gosford Park. It is fun to watch seasoned, serious Brits acting in roles less serious and stiff than their norm. What makes this film quite good is how well it was imagined. I am glad that the movie stays faithful to the book. What was in the book is what I wanted to see. Being able to WATCH a Quiddich match is itself worth the purchase price. Likewise for the life-sized-plus chess board. The visuals in the film are invigorating for someone who has read the book and dreamed about how these things would look. The movie's weakness, albeit minor, is the same as its strength. It moves rapidly from one important scene to the next. So much happens so quickly that if one is not familiar with the book and the extensive background it provides, there is a great chance he or she will not "get" this movie. For those who already know the story, the movie shows all the parts we wanted to see without spending much time explaining what is going on in Harry's head or flashing back to the past. Finally, I am still flabbergasted that people consider it necessarily to condemn this movie from a religious perspective. Apparently, this movie isn't for people who are too uptight, or those who take all literature too literally.
A modern day wizard of Oz Harry Potter has quickly established itself as one of the most valubable franchises in the world. This is one of the best family movies of this new century and it moderns classic fantasy movie tales like the Wizard of Oz. It's so good because it stays true to it's roots and it dosn't offend the original book. Harry Potter(Radcliffe) has no idea that he's a wizard. He has no idead that as a baby he stoped the most evil dark lord wizard the world has ever known. Harry lives with his mean Aunt and Uncle along with their son Dudley who hate him because he ins't normal. After letters start appearing at the home inviting Harry to Hogwarts School of Wizardy and Witchcraft he starts to realize things might not be what they seem to be. Harry is rescued by his mean family by Hadgrid(Coltran). He arrives at Hogwars almost an instant celebrity because of his defeat of Voldemort as a child. He quickly becomes friends with an outcast Ron Weasley(Grint) and miss know it all Hermoine(Watson). The three develop a quick friendship and are all the three really have. Trouble starts to arise at the school though and because I don't want to spoil the details for you, but it's up to the three to save the day. One of the reasons this movie is so good is because of the awesome cast. All three of the big young kids are perfect. Radcliffe got hand selected from thousands of kids who wanted the part and he's a good child actor. A lot of kids stuggle with such big roles. Look how much Jake Elliot struggled in The Phantom Menace. So much is on there shoulders and Radcliffe picks the ball up and runs with it. He's perfect as Potter. All the adults are casted perfectly also. Alan Rickman is great as Snape. This guy can flat out act and you have to love him in the film. He is so awesome. I like Richard Harris as Dumbeldore. This was one of the last performances of his legendary carear and it's great. Chris Columbus did a great job with this film. This guy was perfect for the movie. He's done blockbuster family films like Home Alone and Mrs.Doubtfire and he can add this one to the list. He shot the movie well and made it an instant family classic. A lot of respect has to be given to Steven Kloves. He wrote the script for the movie based of the writings form J.K. Rowling. He stayed true to her book and didn't offend her or the fans. To many writers do that way to often and it's glad to see it not be done. If you want to sit down with your family and watch a great family movie than this is it. It's a modern day classic Wizard of Oz and is a great tale of friendship and love. Two qualities we need more of in this world.
J.K. Rowling's world looks just like I imagined The Harry Potter franchise recently ended after the seven books were transformed into eight movies. Sorcerer's Stone (also known as Philosopher's Stone) was the first entry. It did well at the box office, grossing $975 million worldwide, and was the most successful entry until the final installment in the series beat it in 2011. The eight films grossed $7.7 billion worldwide, so they are enormously popular. Due to the popularity of the franchise, I'm going to assume that you have read J. K. Rowling's books, seen the movies, or both, so this review will contain spoilers. If you have never entered the world of Harry Potter, stop reading now. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus, who was responsible for Mrs. Doubtfire and the first two Home Alone movies. The tone of this first Harry Potter movie is quite similar to those three, relying on whimsy and comedy rather than drama. That matches the tone of the book, so it is not a criticism. If you had read the first book, like me, you were probably looking forward to seeing the world of Harry Potter portrayed on the big screen. The adapted screenplay by Steve Kloves didn't disappoint. There's a lot to like about Sorcerer's Stone; the sets are vast, the important story elements are present, and the majority of the young actors do a good job. It's a tricky business casting children who have to develop over the course of a decade, but I don't find myself disliking any of the choices. It's great to see Hogwarts, the Hogwarts Express, Gringotts, Diagon Alley, and Quidditch brought to life. Sorcerer's Stone starts slowly and might seem overly long, but it's necessary to introduce the characters and the worlds they inhabit. I could imagine some people viewing this first installment and giving up on the franchise, but that would be a mistake. This is a vast story which starts off as a charming fantasy before quickly becoming much darker in tone. In a way, it mirrors childhood. We are initially fascinated with the world until we mature and realize that it does have plenty of problems. As the series progresses, the films grow more serious as the threat of evil increases. Some of the best moments include Harry first learning about the existence of Hogwarts, his initial flying lesson, and seeing the teachers demonstrate some of the spells that the children will learn. The main characters are fully realized and know a lot about them by the end of the movie. Sorcerer's Stone is a good blend of fantasy and action, with the final part of the film containing the most dramatic sequences as our three heroes try to recover the Philosopher's Stone. The music used in the movie is excellent, and the main theme itself suggests a magical setting. There are a lot of important themes in the series and I think it's generally a good example for children. The importance of friendship is one of the major messages and it all begins with the relationships between Harry, Ron and Hermione. The Harry Potter franchise isn't just for children. I'm 50 and I have worked my way through the books and the eight movies several times. The adults in the story are played by some of the finest British character actors. Can you imagine anyone other than Alan Rickman as Snape? Dumbledore was played by Richard Harris in this movie and the sequel, and I think I prefer his version to Michael Gambon's portrayal, although Gambon's version did work for the more serious tone present in the other movies. There's a whole generation of people who grew up loving Star Wars, but here's a franchise for the next generation. Sorcerer's Stone is funny and lighthearted compared to later entries in the franchise, but don't let that deter you from watching all eight movies. The adequate acting improves considerably as the children age throughout the series.
Love the movie, hate the Microsoft Silverlight plugin I love it, unfortunately, I can't watch it because Amazon wants me to download a Microsoft Silverlight plugin on my Mac, a plugin that I had to uninstall the last time I downloaded because of all the problems it caused my macbook. I'm not going to reinstall it now, even though I would love to watch this Harry Potter video that I just rented. Thanks, Amazon, for using a plug in that's not very compatible with Macs !
An Excellent and magical film i went to see the film on November 17th, and i couldn't get tickets, i had to wait until November 30th, and i sat down to watch, i arrived a little bit late, the scene where Hagrid was arriving on his motorcicle, and from the moment of the snake in the zoo, i was hooked, and i was saying to myself, "Man this is great!",it's even great for those who haven't readed the book, like some of my friends, who loved it, first of all the script by Steven Kloves is wonderful, he was perfect,but they should have chosen the writers of "Stand By Me" the direction of Chris Colombus, was really good, but they could have used Spielberg or Rob Reiner, or Terry Gilliam, the FX were good, but they should have put more job on them, Fluffy looks false, but Voldemort looks great, so does the centaur, and the rest of the FX, man i loved the ghosts, i think it was a good thing they cutted Peeves, it well, could have been like an horror version of Jar Jar Binks, the acting was very good, specially Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Richard Harris and Alan Rickman, and Daniel Radcliffe, it's excellent as Harry though he needs a bit more training on acting, he did a better job on "David Copperfield", and its truly faithful to the book, but the Norbert scenes that were cutted, and cut and pasted in the movie, well that didn't feel right, but i still think it's an excellent film, number 2 on my 2001 best list. MOVIE:***** SCREENPLAY: ****1/2 ACTING:****1/2 FX:***1/2 MUSIC:*****
Excellent Movie From beginning to end, this movie holds onto our attention. It delights us, it amazes us, and it even frightens us ... but as entertainment it satisfies us. There has been a lot of complaints from Christians that this movie is anti-religious because it glorifies sorcery and black magic. I don't agree with that at all. In fact, you can see some of the Christ story in Harry Potter ... his humble beginnings in a "muggle" family, his name being known before his arrival on the scene, the great destiny he is to fulfill, his battle with an evil spirit (that pierces him), and so on. Plus, this Harry Potter story has done more to get kids to read than any other one thing has ever before done. And it is fun ... Harry Potter is fun. But this movie's quality is very high. From the script, to the casting, to the directing and acting and special effects ... it gets A+ all around. I love the imaginative little things that were added here and there to fill out the story ... the sorting hat, the shifting staircases, the live paintings and newspaper photos, the cloak of invisibility, the goblins and the bank, and the wand shop and it's proprietor (which is my favorite) ... all of these things are there for us to delight in. But this is an excellent movie ... one that appeals to children and adults alike ... a classic tale of good versus evil that is interesting, involving, and most of all ... fun.
Mediocre for the most part but a nice representation of feel of Hogwarts Arguably the most redeemable of a movie franchise whose popularity is (or should be) solely as a result of Rowling's clever PR efforts with the books, I would definitely say that this movie captured the "feel" of Hogwarts and JK's magical world best of all the movies. It helps that book 1 (and book 4) are the only parts of JK's literary establishment that I will tolerate as adequate prose. I'll be honest, this movie is largely saved by the truly impressive performances of the teachers- Flitwick, Snape, McGonnall, and Quirrell are truly a saving grace. The Dumbledore of the movies is truly a disgrace, rarely if ever showing his spritely, happy go lucky that is so clearly described in the books. Yes, I am bitter- Dumbledore, the above teachers, Sirius, and the Twins were the only characters I really cared about seeing the acting for. Fortunately, Sirius and the Twins also performed, and I can't blame the movies for Rowling's astonishingly exasperating decisions regarding our favorite Padfoot. Anyways, if you're a Potter fan, go for it- I would say its worth it. Unlike most other book-to-movie series, I would definitely not watch this if you haven't read the books. The plot in the movies is incredibly confusing, I'm pretty sure the director decided s/he could just do whatever the hell they wanted because they figured anyone who bothered to see the movies would have read the books.
I didn't want it to end! Though by no means the only example of the subject, Joanne Rowling's imaginative book about an eleven year old boy discovering his new-found talent for magic, reintroduced the age-old genre of the fairy story to modern children. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" benefits enormously from modern CGI effects to bring to life a film which will entertain everyone. The basic story concerns an orphaned boy living with his appalling cousins who are determined that he should not find out that he was actually born a wizard. Through outside help from the magical community, he finds himself enrolled at Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and the fun starts. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and Alan Rickman help to back up the principal child stars and give this film some real presence. Daniel Radcliffe is rather flat as Harry Potter and Emma Watson, as the precocious Hermione Granger, is excessively theatrical and both are shaded by Rupert Grint who is excellent in the role of their cynical friend, Ron Weazley. No doubt all the child actors will improve with time, given that they stay with the series. At the moment they are still finding their feet. There are plenty of special effects to amaze and amuse and I can't imagine how such a film could have been made without them. The cinematography by John Seale, ACS, is excellent and the whole film has a very pleasing look. The two-disc DVD set has many extras, some of which seem to require an intimate knowledge of magic to access. On the whole, I thoroughly enjoyed this film and I wait with baited breath for the sequels. It is not a five star film; I did not expect it to be, but it certainly rates considerable merit. I have yet to figure out why WB chose to release it as anything other than "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", since that is both the title of the original book and the title of the film in any other market than the US. Apart from a few little blemishes, an excellent movie. Kids will give it five stars; parents will enjoy it, too. Thoroughly recommended.
Very good try, but doesn'te make it to the "great DVD" level For those of you that have been living in a cave for the last several years, Harry Potter is a boy-wizard, raised by "Muggles" (non-magical people) who is taken away to a private school for wizards and witches when he turns 11. The success of J.K. Rowling's books made a film version inevitable, but also a risky venture (2nd only to Lord of the Rings). Chris Columbus's film stands up well on the surface. Unfortunately, in a more in-depth analysis, it's not much more than a kiddie movie. In defense of the filmakers, they saw the challenge of this first Harry Potter film as faithfully reproducing the atmosphere and magic of Hogwarts, the school. This they did admirably well with fantastic sets and a liberal helping of computer-generated images. Some of the CGI looks cartoony, but I suspect it is to prevent younger viewers from being scared. Likewise, the characters are faithfully reproduced by the actors - I was especially impressed with Smith as Prof. McGonagall, the teacher who demands a lot, is a strict disciplinarian, but still admired. We've all known teachers like that, but the performance generates such respect that you totally believe in McGonagall (rather than the screenplay dictating it), even in her rediculous witch hat. Likewise, Rickman and Harris as Snape and Dumbledore are pretty much exactly as you would picture them from reading the book. However, I have to question the interpretation in places. The two main misteps (the blame for which I place on director Columbus) are: 1. Harry is far too rebellious and confident in some scenes - to the point of arrogance - which was not Rowling's intention. 2. In filming most of the events of the book, the running time blew up to 150 minutes. This is not an adaptation so much as a photocopy! However, if interest was more in the environment than the story, future films will be better (especially as each book gets longer, it will be impossible to film all the events). All things considered, it's an enjoyable movie, although with limited replay enjoyment. As a special edition 2-DVD set, I was disappointed by the lack of material. The entire 2nd disc is devoted to little games that are annoying to adults and not fun enough to hold a child's interest. Especially annoying is the fact that to access the deleted scenes, you have to navigate through many games that give you little direction to solving the puzzles, and that kick you back to the beginning if you choose wrong. ARGH! Also, the "making-of" featurette is quite short (16 minutes). There is no commentary or other extras - why not bring in Rowling for a commentary on how things were adapted? Therefore, it's a disappointing DVD version of an enjoyable film.
The movie was good except for some KEY parts at the end that ... I just now decided to really get into Harry Potter. I watched the first few movies when they first came out but didn't really read the books until now. I read the first book and as soon as I put it down I rented the movie on Amazon Prime Video. The movie was good except for some KEY parts at the end that were left out. There was some bits and pieces of dialog that were left out that I could get over but I feel like snapes part in the puzzles in the end being left out was upsetting. Very glad I read the book first.
Great Family Movie! I am re-watching the first 4 movies, in anticipation of seeing the 5th movie this weekend. I pulled " The Sorcerer's Stone" from my collection, and this dvd is the 2 disc widescreen edition. With over 1800 reviews already, I will not rehash the plot. Besides watching the movie, I watched most of the extra's on the dvd. On the first disc is the movie, plus a cast/crew section. I thought I would get a more thorough bio on the main stars, but it was a basic "Professor Snape: Alan Rickman". I would have liked so see a bio with the movies the main actors had been in previously. Rickman and Coltrane were so good as Snape and Hagrid, that I wanted to catch them in some other movies. Oh well. There was also a teaser trailer and a theatre trailer. The second disc had most of the extra's. I enjoyed the tour of the Hogwart's Mansion, but wish they would have showed more. I also enjoyed the conversation with the production staff about bringing the movie to life from the book. The 2nd disc is very interactive, and each section has many subsections. Very cool! The movie was awesome both visually, character-wise, and plot wise. There is alot of book to put in one movie. My overall grade for the DVD would be a 5 for the movie and a 4 for the Dvd extras!
Great beginning to the series, great on Amazon Instant Video Obviously a great series. Harry Potter is one of the greatest stories ever told. The first movie is innocent, and paints the framework for the action, adventure, and thrill of the later movies. Cannot say enough good things about the excellent streaming quality of Amazon Instant Video. The video was awesome, and priced at just 2.99 for a rental, you cannot beat that!
I enjoyed the books and the movies I admit it I'm an adult Harry Potter fan. I enjoyed the books and the movies. I purchased the on demand version even though I own all the DVD's. I love being able to just watch them whenever I or a family member wants to view the movies. I love the extended versions of the movies. It really helps make some scenes more understandable. I am currently reading the books again with my newphew....
Scores great as a movie, but DVD features are just okay As a movie, this is great entertainment and (yes, I will say it along with 100's of others) wonderful family entertainment. I'm 30 and I was captivated. It ranks with Wizard of Oz, E.T. and Star Wars, even Miracle on 34th St.. As a matter of fact a comparison for those who are worried that it maybe too intense for kids would be the Wicked Witch of the West. Really a solid film for all ages. But getting to the deleted scenes while cute at first, by making you go through a series of puzzles in order to get to them, can get downright annoying if you want to get to it quick. Example: Thanksgiving day our family was watching and wanted to see the deleted scenes. 15 minutes later, five adults over 25 were still trying to figure it out! It's funny now, but just be warned. Also a note for collectors and film buffs: The rest of the features on the DVD, save for a featurette, is geared for kids. Virtual tours, sorting hat etc.. It's safe fun and, in my humble opinion, I'm sure a 9 year old suffering from a few goosebumps will be able to breeze through the puzzles in record time. So parents rest easy. Great movie.
... It still remains the best of the 3. I can remember back when the 1st installment of the Harry Potter series entitled HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERERS STONE, came out in theaters back in November 2001.It still to this very day remains the best installment. I think its because back then everybody wanted to see it. It was just very magical the way it was released because no one really knew the real deal of the h.p. films. This is a great movie if you like h.p.. This is my favorite of the 3. Rent the Sorcerers Stone, and The Chamber Of Secrets, and then go see The Prizoner Of AZkaban.The point of this movie was a wizard whos parents got killed, that lives with his abusive aunt and uncle it a brilliant wizard but he doesnt know that. And then he enrolls in a magical place called hogwarts, a school for witches and wizards. After that things start looking up for him, He makes friends, gets away from his stupid fat uncle, and wrinkly old mean aunt, and joins a place where he is protected and cared for. I strongly reccomend this wonderful film.
Been wanting a long time Been keeping an eye on this Ultimate Edition. Was able to get it for under $20. It is the only edition that gives you the regular movie and the one with the extra scenes added to it, on separate discs. If I want to watch the shorter version I have that opiton. And it also had loads of extras. A very good deal.
Even better - after all these years. Really astonishingly-well done - even going back after all these years to watch it again. To see all of the actors as they were when it all started. To see how much attention and effort was put into something which could easily - at the time - have been "phoned in": it still would have sold. But what made it what it became - was the care and attention that was given - all the way back in the first one.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone: Extended Version [HD] I absolutely love watching this first movie of the series! The kids look soooo young (because they ARE)! I recall when I first saw this in the theater and I was blown away at how well the movie brought the book to life...and continued to do so in each subsequent movie. I strongly suggest reading ALL of the Harry Potter books because they are beyond fabulous. But watching the movies on a rainy weekend is the next best thing to (re-)reading the books!
Decent Film Adaptation Of The Book The "Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone" movie is a fairly decent adaptation of J.K.Rowling's bestselling book. The actors & actresses who were picked for the roles were pretty close to perfect and the cinematography did the story justice. Of course, as usual I enjoyed the book more than the movie, but there are rarely times where that is not true. It is tough to fit every nuance & subplot from a well-written novel into a single movie. Fans of Harry Potter are sure to enjoy this.
Great Movie! My daughter who is 6 just became interested in Harry Potter. I was very please that I could find these to rent on Amazon Prime. She loved it. So much in fact that she watched it three times in our 24 hour rental period. We will be renting the next one this weekend. I was never a fan of these movies. They just never really interested me. Boy was I mistaken. Haha. I don't know who is more excited to watch the next one. Me or her.
Who thought "school" could be so much fun? First, I must stress to all youngsters... the fantasy of magic and spell casting is NOT to be tried at home!! Okay, now with the warning out of the way, this film delivers entertainment in a big way. The kids are adorable (with the exception of "Malfoy,") and the monsters they encounter are well done. One small complaint would be that too much attention is payed to that broom riding game of theirs (do I have to spell it... "Quiddich?" Oh, don't make me spell out that name... please!)... but I suppose all "school pride" is directly tied in to their sports program. It feels a bit like Indiana Jones towards the end, as the three protagonists work their way through a gauntlet of challenges. Very nice! Jeff Messenger, author of the novel "the Shroud of Torrington."
Love Harry Potter! I've read all the Potter books and loved them all. As a rule, I'm very critical of movies made out of my favorite books as they usually don't do them justice. In this case though, the movies were really well done. Now I can't read the books without seeing the actors who played the characters. I have all the movies on CDs. Now I've decided I want to have the digital versions to download. So this is my first acquisition. Love these movies!
Great movie, but continue to be frustrated by the ... Great movie, but continue to be frustrated by the quality of Amazon streaming movies. Every single time I rent a movie, we have issues with the streaming service... only with Amazon, not Netflix. Also with my wife's account, so it isn't isolated to my account.
Harry Potter will never age!! I like the Harry Potter series. I read all the books and have all the movies. I had the 1st one in VHS, but no longer can play it because I don't have a VHS player. So I had to buy it in DVD. We watched it this weekend...my husband and I. It's great!
Favorite of all the series This is a great movie and a great edition of the movie for less than it cost to get the Non-special edition! My kids have watched it a couple dozen times and I see it being watched another couple dozen more. Great story about friendship and magic. As the story goes on from year to year the tone gets darker and I find everyone gets a little nastier so we like to escape into this one. Still pretty good for little kids, not TOO scary but good for adults as well.
This is a great movie for young adults (and those who were young ... This is a great movie for young adults (and those who were young adults when it came out!) Bravery, courage, wit and compassion are common themes throughout Harry Potter that I like my children to see. Even if in fantasy, they are important traits and attributes for young people to recognize in fellow you adults.
I Was not a Harry Potter Fan.................At first I was not interested in becoming a Harry Potter fan. I fought hard against it! A friend of mine badgered me into seeing it. All she could talk about was Harry this and Harry that. So to shut her up I agreed to see it. I LOVED IT!!!!!!! From the moment the movie started to the end credits, I was engrossed in what adventures Harry, Ron and Hermione would have next! (I did not care for the Dursley's at all!!)After seeing this movie, ALL I could talk about was Harry this and Harry that! Talk about a change of heart! Rush out and buy the DVD version today!!! Play the game to see the deleted scenes. Have a ball with Harry and his friends! To anyone who has not read the books, I would recommend those also!
Wonderful for children These movies were the reason I started reading the books and I wasn't a book person. It definitely opens the mind to a whole other world and takes you away from your problems. I brought this 2-disc after realizing that I wasn't going to find it in the stores for a better deal of $5. It also has special features loaded onto it.
A true Classic. A must see! I love this movie. I made my wife watch it for the first time because I was tired of having to explain all pop culture references to it. It was so embarrassing when people talked about Howarts and she was totally clueless. This is the first of a great series. I love the costumes and the special effects. It truly makes you feel swept away into this magical world where anything is possible. Plus it's a movie you can safely watch with family and friends without offending anyone.
Loved it and you will too Harry Potter, is a quirky coming to age story about a boy who lived. Loved it and you will too. Welcome to the wizzarding world! This movie is a good interpertation of the book, captivating, enthralling, and such a joy to watch. I have watched it numerous times. Love it!
I have always been a fan I honestly have to say that I love this movie. If you are looking for a great movie to watch with the kids you should definitely look at the Harry Potter Series. As the series goes on the story does get a little darker but overall the way the story is told is excellent. I also recommend that you not only watch this movie but you actually ready the series as well.
I started reading to my daughter to increase her enjoyment of reading I started reading to my daughter to increase her enjoyment of reading. It worked she is hooked on Harry and now we are about to go off and read book number two. One thing though, she loved the book but said the movie was not so good, "they left out the good parts"...poor kid welcome to Book Lover Problems!!!
Think about this before you buy it This is EXACTLY the same thing you got with the original release of HP&TSS except it has the behind the scenes disc, which is quite interesting and has some great stuff on it. You also get a "collectable" book and two wizarding cards. Yawn. You also get the "Extended Version" of the movie, which incorporates all of the deleted scenes in the order they would have appeared. It's a little better than okay, but I have to wonder if the asking price is worth what you end up getting. Oh, the picture and audio on the Blu-Ray are astounding.
Harry Potter and the Sorcercer's Stone This is a delightful and enchanting movie. It is the first in the series of Harry Potter's movies. A great video to bring the story of Harry Potter to the attention of those who have not read or seen any of the Harry Potter epic.
What could possibly be better? The special effects in it alone are worth 4 stars. Add to that an inventive, family friendly story and a quotient of absurdly interesting characters played by the British royalty of acting, what could possibly be better? Except maybe three young actors who readily step into some very big shoes and come off as both believable and sympathetic. Jolly good show all the way around.
Good actors, poor adaptation I've been a Harry Potter fan since it came out, receiving the first book as a Christmas present and every other book the day it came out. And when they revealed that the books were being adapted into movies I was SUPER excited--even though the artwork in children's novels is at the very bottom of the list of reasons to love a book, I'd always been particularly fond of the whimsical artwork in the novels--the idea of some A Bugs Life level cartoon work had me giddy. And then I found out the movies were going to be live action. :/ I avoided watching them for years. While my family ranted and raved about how perfect they all were, I'd never really liked the movie adaptation of anything even near as much as the original work--so I continued to avoid watching, figuring some day after they all came out I'd sit down and marathon them and probably would really enjoy them at least a little. But a couple years ago, my then-roommate was watching one of the HP movies in the living room. I'm not sure which one still--one of the later ones. But I figured, hey, let's see what everyone's talking about. And I sat there for about five minutes. And I just... noped out of the room. Granted, this was a scene between some of the adult characters. But not a single one of them seemed accurate to me. It was one of the worst senses of cognitive dissonance I'd ever felt. Again, I lost any temptation to watch any of the movies. But recently I've been following along with StoryWonk's Dear Mr. Potter seminar series. And at the end of the first series, the host analyzed the movie. So, finally, I watched it. First off, the positives: if it hadn't been for some very nice casting for most of the characters this would be getting one star. I thought almost everyone was extremely well cast, even when their direction was simply mystifying. Basically EVERYONE was excellent, but I was especially impressed with Emma Watson, Harry Melling, and Matthew Lewis. And the negatives: the story doesn't make ANY sense. No, really. Try to show this to an adult who's never read the books. If they can follow along I'll be amazed. There's nothing remotely magical about the way the movie was shot. For me, most of the CGI would have been better done as practical effects, and the practical effects were simply too practical. There was some good CGI, of course. I thought the chocolate frog worked quite well, and the entire quidditch scene was lovely. But things like the Troll and the Centaur were almost gross in their awkward proportions. And Diagon Alley, once the cool Gringotts scene was done, was so mundane. And lastly, the sound track. Okay, I really love the sound track to this movie. I could see listening to this while writing, quite easily. But it quite often became overpowering throughout the movie. TL;DR - I really am glad I watched this movie, but I'm really, really, REALLY glad I read the book again first!
SIMPLY MAGICAL I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan. I love the books and when i first heard a movie was being made I was very excited. The movie was just as I hoped it would be. It had all the elements from the orginal book. Chris Columbus was able to catch the magical world of Hogwarts the way J.K. Rowling created it. He also was able to portray the friendship of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Chris Columbus is an excelletent director that can bring to life a world of wizards, wands, brooms, and most of all magic.
HP I really enjoyed the film. Actually this is my favorate movie along with the Lord of the Rings. So you may ask why did I only give it 4 stares. Well only because they cut a little to much out like the dragon escape,the potions challange, and th eclasses. But other than that it was perfect. Even though it is nearly 3 hours long I never got board. I don't even think it was long enough. But the special effects were good like Voldemort and Fluffy. So I relly recommend this movie and the book
Brilliant Stuff Harry Potter is one of the most enchanting of the last 4 years. Like they say, you cant doubt the oranges on the lemon tree. Harry Potter was the silver lining in a smoky cloud of movie madness and mediocre. It is a movie to be treausured by the young, old and the imbetween. It is to watch with wisdom and power, not to mention joy and popcorn and sorrow at times. Listen to these words and you have not seen the light of Harry Potter yet, then you are missing out on a must.
Not bad While I absolutely adore Harry Potter books, I find the movies rather lacking. The special effects and scenery are by any standards excellent and at times breathtaking, but I found some of the acting slightly phony . . . While Daniel, Rupert, and Emma no doubt look their parts, I think that Mr. Columbus should have gone for less appearance likeliness and more talent. While McGonagall, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Snape, and others were all excellent, I thought the children actors most lacking. I found Rupert Grint, who plays Ronald Weasley, a good Ron. He put natural humor into his role and was really funny. Daniel Radcliffe, Harry, was not quite as good but still a decent Harry. However, I had a bit of a problem with Emma Watson's portrayal of Hermione. While Emma is not a bad actress overall I found some of her lines delivered with rather faked, forced enthusiasm, with much eye-widening, head-angling, and word-emphasizing. Overall, however, the movie is quite good and worth watching. Thank you for reading this review. Sara Marie Roselles
Love these movies Love these movies! They are obviously not quite as good as the books because you just can't get that much detail in a movie, but they do a great job. If you're a fan of the series, you've got to see the movies!
For Kids Over 10 I'm not quite sure how to rate this. On the one hand, my kids enjoyed HP & the Sorcerer's Stone. There was lots of cool and imaginative stuff going on. On the other, there were dark moments. ((SPOILER ALERT: creepy villain kills unicorns and drinks their blood.)) My kids (8 and 9) were disturbed and scared by that scene. They brought it up again several days later, so I know the sad/scary part stuck in their minds. Overall, they liked the movie and got over the dark stuff. But I probably wouldn't recommend this again for kids under 10, unless they're unusually mature or don't get upset when animals are killed and characters endangered. I'm giving 4 stars anyway, because the movie itself is good. My viewing experience just wasn't great because I came to the (belated) conclusion that my kids weren't old enough to be watching it.
I love this! I love this!! I have the editions that came out first but I have always wanted the extended edition so this was absolutely perfect especially for the price of $10. It came with all the listed extras (except the digital copy was expired) and was a perfect edition to my collection.
All time favorite movie! I'd like to give it 10 stars! Best movie series ever. True to the books. Very well crafted. Actors are perfectly cast. I've watched the whole series many, many times. I appreciate excellent writing and well-crafted stories. I always like books better than movies. I like the Harry Potter books so much (all-time favorite) that I was afraid even try the movies, because how could they possibly do justice to the books? Well, the movies were excellent, and did fine justice to the books. The Sorcerer's Stone, the first book and first movie, are my absolute favorites.
Fantastic Movie! I've been a huge fan of the Harry Potter series and am in the process of introducing Harry Potter to my seven year old daughter now! I love the book and the movies and my daughter is enjoying it too! These movies are quickly becoming classics and I think they will be popular for many generations to come!
A very, very good movie---for children. This is a very, very good movie for children. Among the best, in fact. Good special effects and scary, but not too much. On the other hand, if you are over 16 and going to see this without a grade school kid in hand, you really need to find a good grown-up book to read.
An Excellent Movie That Will Soon Be A Classic I am sure many of you have heard the story line of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," so I won't go into detail about the movie. I have seen some reviews to where I thought I was reading a Movie Critic column out of the New York Times. Don't over analyze this movie. It is a based on the Harry Potter book series that is intended for children, but has an appeasement for adults as well. The reason why I gave this five stars is simple: it is a family movie that has no profanity, sexual suggestions, or nuditiy. The purpose of this review is to give an honest assessment of the DVD and if it is worth the money. In my opinion the answer is "Yes." This movie is bound to be a classic in children's cinema and will have the same stature as "Star Wars" and "E.T." There are a lot of things we can spend $$$ on....why not invest it on a good family movie that you will have for years to come.
great family fun When my sons wanted the book I was unsure at first, I was not thrilled with the idea of warlocks and witches being a good idea for a children/young adult story let alone a movie. But in both cases I was put at ease, when I read and saw in the movie that the morals of good won over evil.
I loved this, despite having never read the books! I took my daughter to see this, and loved it so much that I bought it on DVD. It's delightfully imaginative, the special effects are well done, and it's one of the few movies starring children that doesn't make you want to strangle the snotty little children's characters. The casting in this was perfect, and we've watched it many times. This will make any adult feel like a kid again!
Wow Harry potter Rules Here we find Harry and his friends facing the challages of growing up while also exploring the halls of hogworts the enchanted scool of witchcraft and wizardry, Harry and his friends must save the Magical world by Stopping Lord_V from coming back to life ! If you have not seen this movie buy it now and don't forget to pick up the next one as well Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Great Movie! Having read through the first six Harry Potter novels, I would definitely say that the first movie holds truest to the movie (granted, as time goes on the books go longer and something gets cut on the finishing room floor else we'd end up with six hour long movies). Though the chemistry isn't all quite there yet, with Richard Harris as Dumbledore, how can this movie not rock?
Now I know more than other Muggles do. 1. It's the first Harry Potter movie, when Daniel, Emma, and Rupert were still ridiculously adorable and fit the parts perfectly 2. It's the EXTENDED VERSION of the first Harry Potter movie, so it even includes details that are in the books but not shown in the director's cut. 3. If you move your mouse on the movie screen while watching it, the screen will list the actors in the scene, along with "goofs" and "trivia." I LOVE that aspect. It's something that's on a lot of Amazon videos (but not on iTunes or Vimeo, and def not on putlocker). I imagine you can turn that off if you get distracted by it.
Introducing our daughter's to the world of Harry Potter So happy that my 7 year old daughter is starting to get into the Harry Potter movies. The movie was a bit boring or dark for my 5 year old, but give her time and she will love it as well! No need for the DVD since Amazon can be viewed on all our t.v.'s, the girls tablets, phones, etc...
Yeah!! It's Harry Potter!! Not only did the movie stay true for the most part to the books...it was so sweet to see the book come to life and feel that it's somewhat I imagined. Yeah!! People can think alike. I loved the books..read them before I finally saw the movie, and seeing the movie..with friends and family just gets better and better each time. I so am in love with Harry Potter.
Minimum DVD bonuses No question that the book is great, and the movie itself is excellent. This being said, the DVD is extremely disappointing. No extended scenes, no "making of", a bunch of worthless cheap, CD-ROM style features, and one - ONE! - interview. Very, very disappointing. I know that the lord of the Rings has spoiled all of us, but that's not even average.
Complete Version-Yes!! I own several versions of this movie. This version is my favorite because the extended version is exactly like the version shown on ABC Family Channel. I also bought Year 2 due to its sameness. It is great as well. My understanding is the rest of the years are not extended versions and have not purchased them. I, like most Potterheads, would buy all of these movies,again, if they were the extended versions like those versions shown on ABC Family. Hey, Amazon, can you help us out here?
Fantastic! We just got our blu-ray player, after holding out for so long. So, naturally, I am on a blu-ray buying spree. So far, of all of the blu-ray discs I have watched in high definition on our 1080p HD TV, these new "Ultimate Editions" of the Harry Potter films, have impressed me the most. I am *NOT* an audio/video expert. However, I can say that the films look crisp and sharp, to me. We are playing the discs on a Playstation 3 using an HDMI connection to our Sony Bravia Z-Series 46-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV. The sound is quite nice as well. We don't have a full digital audio setup, but we do have a limited 2.1 sound system attached to our setup, and the sound seems to be better on the blu-ray discs, than the DVDs. But that may just be a placebo affect. I was worried that because the films we made quite a while before blu-ray came out, or before it was super-common to film all digitally, and in high definition, that what we would end up with would be an upscaled version of the DVD footage, showing heavy grain and looking blurry. I can say that it doesn't look like that at all. It looks fantastic. Like the actors are right there in the room with you. Additionally, the blu-ray disc contains both the theatrical release, and the new extended version with cut scenes put back in. A *LOT* of scenes make more sense with those scenes back in. It helps if you have read the books, but if you haven't, then those extra scenes make the movies make more sense. As for the extras, the booklet is nice, and has some interesting photos (and very little in the way of words or explanations to explain them). The case is fantastic, and high quality (the interior case which is the big box right inside the slipcover is the same kind of pseudo-leather the LOTR extended versions use, AND it has a nifty magnetic clasp to hold itself shut!). The over-sized trading cards are ridiculous and clearly a gimmick (but they are well made). The DVD copy has all of the old special features from previous releases. However, if you are a super-fan of the books and movies, it will be the blu-ray special features disc that you buy this set for. Specifically, for the hour long documentary included in each ultimate edition containing all of the behind-the-scenes stuff I have been wanting to see for such a long time now! They also do in depth interviews, and show stuff we have never seen before, like the actors screen tests, and their green-screening techniques. I loved the set, I loved the price, I loved the quality of the films in HD, and I loved the extras. 5 stars, all the way!
almost as good as the book Almost as good as the book . I have a hard time comparing a movie to the book, as the book is almost always so much better but the Harry Potter series does not cut much out or deviate from the original. Long movie, due to length of book but well worth the watch.
Not the extended version I doubt there's any need to rehash the plot of any HP movie at this late date, lol. I just want everyone to be aware that this version is the original theatrical release, not the extended (and much more comprehensible) version available elsewhere. It amazes me what parts were left out of both Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets in the interests of brevity. The remaining footage still runs 2 1/2 hours plus for both movies; what's another ten minutes or so, when it turns four-star movies into five-star?
Great movie, very close to the book I don't know what these other people are whining about. This movie follows the book very closely. The special effects are impressive, and the story line is great. As others have said, I highly recommend you read the book BEFORE you watch the movie, but if you have no intention of reading the book, it's a great film by itself.
Potter1 - La Piedra Filosofal Este es el inicio de una gran serie de pel?culas y libro que llegan a la cantidad de 7 en total. En esta pel?cula podemos observar el inicio de un peque?o mago que fue alejado del todo el mundo m?gico y tr?gicamente adoptado por sus t?os que son una verdadera pesadilla para el. Pero al cumplir su 10 cumplea?os es llamado a forma parte de la escuela Howards de brujer?a y hechicer?a, donde por primera vez entrar? en contacto con un fascinante mundo el cual nunca se imagino que podr?a ser as?. Poco a poco va conociendo a mas gente como el y se hace amigo de Ron Wesley quien se convertir? junto con Hermaione Granger en sus amigos inseparables de aventuras y locuras, Harry recibe por primera vez un verdadero regalo de navidad que le deja su padre James Potter, antes de morir, Y en un espejo muy especial puede ver a sus Padres Jemes y Lili Potter. Se enfrenta por primera vez al asesino de sus padres ahora llamado el-que-no-debe-ser-nombrado (Lord Voldmort), que se siente frustrado por que Harry no le deja conseguir lo que el m?s deseaba que era la piedra filosofal para poder hacer realidad su retorno a la vida. Un pel?cula para la familia se los recomiendo, This is the start of a great series of movies and book that arrive to the quantity of 7 in total. In this movie we can observe the start of a small magician that was moved away the magic world completely and tragically adopted by your uncles that are a true nightmare for the one. But when completing your 10 birthday it is called to you is part of the school witchcraft Howards and sorcery, where for the first time he will enter in contact with a fascinating world which you never imagines that you could be this way. Little by little he goes knowing to but people like the and friend of Rum Wesley is made who will become together with Hermaione Granger in your inseparable friends of adventures and madness, Harry receives a true navidad gift that your father leaves you James Potter for the first time, before dying, AND in a very special mirror he can see your Parents Jemes and Lili Potter. You faces the murderer of your parents for the first time now the-that-no-should-be-noted call (Lord Voldmort) that is frustrated per that Harry doesn't allow you to get what the more ones wanted that you was the stone filosofal to be able to make reality your return to the life. A movie for the family recommends them to him,
Magical World---But some things stopped me I have seen the movie at movie theater. I like it very much, wish there are more like the book I read. However, true that 2nd disk does giving trouble for people who do not know what to look for. Most people around me did not read the book or know how to solve/play the game. The company should have leave all 7 never before-seen-before scenes in the movie than on 2nd disk. OR They can make dvd with no game and dvd with game so that we can pick what we want. Last of all, I am very disappointed that all 7 scenes do not have English subtitle! No closed caption/English subtitle for me to know what they were saying. I am deaf. I have found almost all of my dvd movies does not put closed caption/English subtitle for special features. They should. Any movie maker company should do that. It is not fair for me to "suffer" with lot of guesswork for 7 sceness- trying to imagine what they were saying. All DVD movies I have said "closed caption" They did not appear on my tv or anyone's tv! I tried with different system and different tv. No such luck. I wish they should be clear if closed caption is English subtitle then PLEASE mark it clear! I personally doubt regular closed caption works at all. Three of movies I have with no English subtitle- they were labeled with closed caption- NONE! Totally waste my time with any movie's special features-"blind sound(voices, etc)"(don't know what to call it) for me. UPDATE: And finally, 2011, I recently found out HP4 movie for PSP... I am so shock that it has NO CLOSED CAPTION NOR ENGLISH SUBTITLE!!! Seriously?!?!? I am deaf and I do really want to be able to enjoy the movie on my PSP (region 1) It is not fair for deaf people. I wish they would made all HP movie 1-7 with english subtitle for deaf (SHD) it is important for us to be able to watch/enjoy and understand the story. Please somebody do it for us. Thanks.
Great movie; lousy DVD I saw Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone before I read the book. (I'm quite leery of books that get made into movies as they tend to loose the story somewhere in exchange for special effects; ala Star Wars Ep 1&2, but that's a whole other rant.) Anyways, I fell in love with the story as I saw it unfold on screen. At that point I was itching to go read the book. To my delight I found that there were 4 books. I have not read so much in such a small amount of time. After reading the first book, I decided that was shown in the movie, with the restrictions that movie makers have, that it told the story as best as it could without compromising any of the important story elements. When the DVD went into development, I heard that deleted scenes would be added on a second disk and a whole bunch of other interesting tid bits. ... So the mail comes, I'm eating my cake, my 4 year old niece is with me and her Mom when I pop in the 2nd DVD with the deleted scenes. I had read that there were a bunch of hoops (like playing a game) that one had to do to get to these much wanted scenes, but I'm pretty savvy with technology that I figured I could figure it out. Much to my chagrin the people who made this DVD need to go back to marketing school and think about the fact that the 4 year old was BORED to tears with the way the 2nd disk was set up. I finally found the instructions on how to access the 7 deleted scenes ... The main gripes I have with the DVD are these: 1. Wide screen and anamorphic format should have been options (removed the label on one side of the DVD and this is possible.) 2. Make all extras easily accessible INCLUDING DELETED SCENES. Jumping through hoops is not only frustrating to adults, but especially to children. 3.Include more deleted footage instead of all the "games". If I wanted to play a games the online or pay for versions are options that I can go buy. 4. As with The Matrix, Moulin Rouge!, or The X-Men DVD include a version of the film that allows you to follow a white rabbit or green fairy (perhaps an owl?) where it then takes you to a deleted scene as it would fall in the order of the film or some behind the scene related *to* the scene option. I was so hopeful that the DVD would have more, just as the book had "more" for me when I was finished watching the movie. 7 deleted scenes was not enough IMO. However, in defense of those scenes, I will say that the extended potions class scene gives a greater depth to the Snape/Potter dynamic. Also, seeing the scene where Harry is thinking about his parents after discovering the mirror almost brought me to tears. In closing, I loved the story, the movie was great, but as DVD, kinda bites. I hope that a better one comes out soon!
Better on a small screen Okay, I admit it, I got the Harry Potter film. No kids in the family except me, my husband and a Great Dane, but that's kids enough. Although I was rather disappointed with the film when I saw it in the theater, I decided to purchase it anyway. For some reason, it's a better TV sized product than it was a large screen film. Chris Columbus has directed a number of kid type movies, including Home Alone, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Stepmom, but I think his concept of kids and family, although wacky enough, is not quite sinister enough to put the bite into the Harry Potter stories that exists in the books. Harry deals with some pretty heavy duty facts of life, including the death--which he later discovers was murder--of his parents, the active dislike and abuse of his caretakers, the dislocation of going away to a school where he knows no one and must discover for himself whom to trust, and so on. Although arrayed in the majesty and mystery of an ancient and occult world, Hogwarts becomes home and family to Harry. It is, however, not a home and family free of conflict and danger, as Harry soon discovers. Columbus follows the book closely, almost slavishly, but little of that sense of suspense and threat seems to exist despite a lavish set and wonderful performances by all of the cast. One almost has a feel of "holding back" on the part of the director, as though children can't handle the grit of a truly "scary" movie. I mean, get real. Like who went/goes to all those monster movies that have been shown at Saturday matinees for generations! I know a six year old whose favorite film is Jurassic Park. There were several episodes that could have scared the socks off of us, but although they were wonderful visually, they were a great disappointment as a scary experience. Maybe it's just that ones imagination can create scarier monsters than the screen can, but I doubt it. There's always Alien to disprove that theory! I had heard that Steven Spielberg had requested to make the film. I can't help but think that someone who gave us both Jaws and ET could have given us a better, more intense and more meaningful film. The movie as it is does better on a smaller screen, however. Maybe it's just that we've come to expect less from a made for TV movie. As it goes, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone has such a magnificent set, costuming and special effects, that it shines on the small screen which seems to be its natural home. Perhaps that's what was planned all along. Marketing is a powerful force.
Not as good as the book... ... As are all movies that are based on a book. There are no exceptions to that. You *cannot* take a movie, and make it exactly like the book. You can try, but probably will not succeed. The book creates its own little world, which is unique to only itself. You can take a movie and make it close to the book, but it will never be exactly the same. That's what I needed to get out of the way. Now, onto business. I am as much of a Harry Potter fan as anybody, perhaps even more. I have read the books dozens of times each, and am anxiously awaiting the 5th one, as is the rest of the world. I believe J.K. Rowling to be one of the greatest authors that ever lived, as do the tens of millions of people that have read her books. I was thrilled when I learned that my favorite series of all time was going to be up on the big screen. Absolutely thrilled. But at the same time I was a bit paranoid. I knew that you cannot make the movie exactly like the book, even with great casting and wicked special effects. I also knew that since Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a mildly long book, that the director would have to cut quite a few things out. And I was right. They did. You have to understand that thousands of kids love the books, and if the movie would have included everything that was in the books, the kids would not have been able to sit that long. What the movie did do, though, was take all of the important scenes that were in the book. Yes, I was ticked off when I heard that Peeves wouldn't be in the movie because of time reasons, and of course the missing potions scene was a bit disappointing. But they got all of the good aspects of the book in the movie, which is more important then a mischievous poltergeist and a silly logic sequence. I thought the acting was wonderful, and that the special effects were great *as expected*. Turning a movie into a book is extremely hard work, especially if the movie you're trying to make was one of the most successful book series in all time. I think that they did a splendid job, and I cannot wait for the second one to come out.
it's the first one. what do you expect? I enjoyed this movie immensely. But, like "The Phantom Menace," I've had a very hard time viewing it objectively. There was so much anticipation leading up to its release, I simply enjoyed the experience of being there. Having read all four books in the series a few times each, I am overly familiar with the events in the story. As I watched the movie, my continuing thought was "How well will the next part of the story be translated to the screen?" rather than "How entertaining is this film overall?" I have trouble answering the latter question because I was already entertained by watching a wonderful story dramatized, so I'll never know how I'd have reacted had I seen this movie without having read the books. Critics talk about how incredibly faithful the movie is to the book, and perhaps I'd have had an easier time detaching the two in my mind had the movie set off on its own course. Indeed, many classic children's movies, like "The Wizard of Oz" and "Mary Poppins," are so successful partly because they're so different from the books that inspired them. But these are exceptions; in my experience, most children's movies reveal their weaknesses in how they diverge from the books upon which they're based. And much of what makes the Harry Potter phenomenon unique is that it is the first time in ages that a children's book, without a movie accompanying it, has generated this much popularity. According to an article I read a year ago, the universe of Harry Potter has become as real in the minds of youngsters and adults as that of a popular movie series like Star Wars. Therefore, it will be very hard for any film based upon it to compete with it. In the minds of die-hard fans, any changes made to the story will be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. That's why it's easy to understand why the filmmakers were so reluctant to change anything. As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is beautifully done. I don't have a single complaint about any of the actors, who successfully bring to life, with the aid of costume design and special effects, the many colorful characters from the book. My favorite character, the giant Hagrid, is played by Robbie Coltrane, and I say with no exaggeration that he is exactly how I imagined him while reading the book. It's as if they took the image in my mind and transferred it to the screen. While I had my own personal image of Snape (for some reason, I always imagined him as the head villain from another Chris Columbus film, "Adventures in Babysitting"), Alan Rickman is perfect in the role. I usually expect to have words of criticism for some performances, but I just don't. The remaining adult actors, including Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall and Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, are as good as they possibly could be, and the kids do an excellent job of holding their own against these veterans. Some have criticized Daniel Radcliffe for appearing too subdued in the title role, but that's exactly how the character is portrayed in the book: modest, unassuming, and laid-back. The kids who play Harry's two best friends are flawless. I had a lot of worries about the fact that it was being directed by Chris Columbus, whose entire directorial career so far has consisted of over-the-top slapstick films. I was pleasantly surprised that he did not direct the Harry Potter film in this way. Except for brief moments like the children's delayed reaction to a giant three-headed dog they encounter and Harry's swallowing the quaffle ball, there is nothing here to remind us that this film is directed by the same person who gave us films like "Home Alone" and "Mrs. Doubtfire." Indeed, I think Columbus may have gone just a tad bit too far in trying not to make the film seem cartoony. I would have liked to see a little more emotion on the actors' faces at certain times. Overall, however, his restraint works nicely in giving the film the kind of believability the book possesses. But much is left out. Harry's caretaker Uncle Vernon, a prominent character in the book, is given less attention in the movie than some of the bit characters. The gently satirical aspects of Hogwarts School aren't in the movie at all. We never see the ghostly history teacher who died several years back but kept on teaching. Lines like the following--"Professor McGonagall watched [her students] turn a mouse into a snuffbox--points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers"--find no equivalent in the movie. The movie does include platform nine-and-three-quarters, though the way the kids disappear into the wall isn't as mysterious as I had visualized, and the sorting hat is there, minus the great poem explaining the differences between the four schools. Not that I'm blaming the movie for omitting some details. Some things from the book would not have translated easily to the screen, and it would have been very difficult to stick everything in. Had Columbus done so and allowed the film to be as long as necessary (eight hours, maybe?), like a BBC miniseries, the film might have been a masterpiece, but few kids would ever have had the patience or attention span to sit through it. The problem is that the amusing details are much of what make Harry Potter such a special story. A whole universe is created in Rowling's series, in which a magical society exists within our own ordinary "muggle" world and is kept secret by a bureaucracy with its own rules, history and politics. The way magic is treated in her books, not as something medieval but as very similar to the way our own contemporary world works, is a large part of their charm. Take away these details, and you're left with a fairly conventional tale of a young wizard fighting an evil sorcerer. Although the audience I was with broke into applause as soon as the movie ended (something I've never seen happen before, though I don't go to the theater that often), some people have complained about the movie dragging at certain points. I didn't have that problem, but, as I said, I wasn't really trying to get involved in the movie's story. After thinking about it, it does seem like parts of the movie fail to convey a sense of urgency. Why should this be? I never felt that way when reading the books, and this is without a doubt the very same story. The answer, I think, is that the books portray much of Harry's anxiety in trying to succeed in school (for if he's kicked out, he'll go straight back to his horrible uncle) and fit in with the kids there. The movie doesn't tap into these anxieties enough, so why should we care whether he wins the Quidditch match (other than that he survives in one piece) and gets through the school year? The only real suspense in the movie after he arrives at Hogwarts comes from the story of Lord Voldemort returning, which in the book is almost secondary. Harry's adventures getting along in the school are fun and interesting, but as they are presented to us in the film, there isn't enough tying them all together. What we have here is a serviceable dramatization of a wonderful children's series, but it doesn't entirely succeed in standing on its own. Perhaps it should have diverged from the book just a little, to compensate for the difficulties in translating some of the book's delights to the screen. In its current form, it's almost like a preview of the book. Its lack of fullness, and its dependence on the book, might actually increase the popularity and endurance of Rowling's series by making those who see the film yearn for more, which they can get from the real thing.
Enjoyable Escapist Fantasy Harry Potter is a guilty pleasure. When I read the books and when I watched the movie, I had to suspend my normal criticism of implausibilities and read the books and watch the movie as an entertaining fantasy; and the movie is ever so entertaining! Even having read the book, I was still in suspense with the movie, because certain things were given more life in the movie than the book (and vice versa). I found myself fascinated with each detail, and was readily able to consider the movie as a different version of the book. The actors were perfectly chosen for their roles. Alan Rickman as Snape was so dislikable and the perfect character to mislead the audience. Richard Harris was a lovable Dumbledore, and will be sorely missed in the future movies, which there will undoubtedly be. Warwick Davis of "Willow", "Return of the Jedi", "The 10th Kingdom" and many more played two roles in this movie, and played them very well. There are many other actors that did so very well, but I would be remiss if I didn't point out the selection of Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, the terminally cute Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, and super-nice (at least he comes across that way on the screen, regardless of how many practical jokes and other mischief he performed on the set while making the movie) Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter. These three were able to make the adults wish they were their children, and the children wish they were their friends. A good deal of the success of this movie is due to the charm of these three young actors. The score completely enhanced the sets and the plot, and brought another dimension to an already multi-dimensional movie. The special effects were state of the art, evidenced time and again throughout the course of the movie. The troll and Fluffy I particularly found impressive in their detail and quality. However, the special effects and their quality are found throughout this movie, and to list all my favorites would take much more than this review. There are a lot, and they are all very good to excellent. The movie had to deviate from the book due to the length and detail of the book. However, I believe that the movie caught the essence of Harry's life and attendance at Hogwart's. The deviations were regrettable, but the movie was already well past 2 hours in length, and the producer was faced with difficult decisions regarding what to keep and what to cut. The deleted scenes shown in the second CD will show how some of the decisions were made, and I concur with nearly all the choices. Harry Potter is a pure fantasy, creating a world that is based on many worlds, and yet is none of them. The rules of Harry's world will seem familiar, yet as a set are different from previous rules. Once you realized that J.K. Rowling was not basing Harry on any known set of rules, but was instead creating her own "Oz", the movie and story become enjoyable as a voyage of discovery that parallels Harry's own. Watch this movie with the eyes of a child and enjoy a unique film experience and achievement.
Great Movie, lousy DVD Well, most people have already made up their minds about this movie, whether they loved or hated it, but a few more thoughts here... For me, the picture did seem to be missing something--it didn't really grab me as much as I thought it would; seemed to be a bit lacking in emotional depth. I didn't get the sense of how desperately unhappy Harry was to be living with his relatives, and what a relief it was for him to get the invitation to Hogwarts. I'm not sure that's the fault of Daniel Radcliffe, though, since the film skipped over the first part of the book pretty rapidly... One section of the film that really DID work for me, emotionally, were the couple of scenes dealing with the Mirror of Erised--very nicely done, and rather touching. Other plusses... The casting was very good, I thought. I really liked both Ron and Hermione. The Quidditch match was great--doesn't that look like fun?! And Hogwarts was splendid, both inside and out. How could I possibly resist all that mediaeval architecture? Great to look at--and nearly all the interiors were shot at actual locations, in rooms hundreds of years old, not sets. The music was very fitting as well--I'm not a big John Williams fan, but the main theme for this film was just perfect. So, after seeing the picture several times my complaints have subsided--I do enjoy it! It does lose a bit on the small screen--seeing it on the big screen, in six-channel sound, is of course much more impressive than watching it on television. (For instance, in several scenes if you looked closely you could always seen the figures in the paintings on the walls moving slightly--it's hard to notice that on the small screen. And when the flying keys crashed into the closed door, they made a very deep THUD that you felt in your chest--you got a sense of how dangerous they were. Lots of little details like that are lost on tv...) Now, as far as the DVD presentation of the film itself goes, boy, what a DUD. I honestly don't know what the people at Warners were thinking when they put this thing together. There is almost no supplemental material at all--there was so much that could have been included, but wasn't. No director's commentary, no in-depth behind the scenes material, no out-takes, no interviews with the child actors, NOTHING. Disc two is almost entirely a sort of ... game/puzzle combination. You have to do all sorts of tasks in the proper order to get to the stone and your reward, which is seven brief deleted scenes. I don't know what age this is aimed at--certainly not adults, and not many kids either, I would think. And the thing is, there is no way to get to those scenes directly through the menu--you have to go through the entire thing every time you want to see them. Just stupidity... However, there is a shortcut which others have mentioned. I couldn't do this on my particular DVD player that is hooked up to the television, but it did work when I put the disc in the computer. Bring up the track listings, and click on track 80. Wait just a moment for the scene to change--when the row of bottles appears, click on the round one. And that will take you to the deleted scenes. A few of the scenes are interesting enough--problem is, there aren't many of them. For instance, I know that there was some material shot with the Weasley family at the train station, but none of that was here. What I would really have liked to see was a longer cut of the film, about three hours in length, with an intermission added. That would have been perfect for viewing over two evenings, for those people who are pretty busy. (I'm thinking of myself--by the time I finish working at about eleven every night, I'm too tired to watch a two and a half hour movie in one sitting anyway!) The rough cut of this picture ran a whopping FOUR HOURS--there was plenty of material to work with, to put together a longer version. So, I'm rather annoyed that the film wasn't lengthened, though perhaps someday another version will be available. Still, I'm very glad I bought the disc to be able to view the film, or certain scenes, whenever I'm in the mood to do so.
Charming Movie! Disappointing Additions..... I saw this movie twice on the big screen and I'd have to say that I enjoyed it even more when I viewed it on the small screen. The home theatre feels more cosy somehow. It is a beautifully rendered version of a wonderful book. With incredible detail added to build up the world Harry inhabits. Most cast members seem tailor-made for their parts. Unlike at the theatre, it's relatively long running time was no hardship with the option of "pause" and as a great admirer of the book, I couldn't help but wish for even MORE SCENES to expand on the story. The only "flaw" in this version for some reviewers was a lack of major, earthmoving plot points, but for this fan of the Harry Potter series of books, it was a faithful, loving and respectful telling of the story. And a movie that I think I will enjoy viewing many times. The second disk which offers additions is much, much less than I had hoped for and a serious disappointment. The tour of Hogwarts and Hagrid's cottage is cheesy graphics, fuzzy and just not up to any respectable standards. The 'games' are simplistic and pointless. And once played, never a challenge again, even for little kids. In a movie offering such beautiful attention to detail, I would have expected more (from the extras) and would rather had have more out-takes from the film than just the seven scenes offered. The only worthwhile part of this disk is the rather extensive interviews with Chris Columbus and several of the other artists responsible for making this movie. I understand that there are more features available with a CD ROM, but we were not able to view those, so I don't have any comments on what they might add to this disk. So 5 stars for the movie and 2 stars for the extras from this reviewer.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone one of the best fantasy films i've seen, but one of the best films of 2001. when it premiered, the film broke box office records grossing over $100 million in it's opening weekend. the movie itself lived up to the hype and anticipation. Believe or not, some ridiculous morality groups including agassiz middle school in fargo nd actually voiced concern over the film because of the witchcraft element. from my experience with working kids (i mentor and tutor kids in my spare time ) i can tell you that kids can tell fiction from reality and right from wrong. ''harry potter and the philosopher's stone'' is based on the successful children's book by j.k. rowling who many didn't know is a woman, until she was interviewed on 60 minutes Also what other people may not know is the children's books weren't successful at first. j.k. rowling came up with the idea for the books while working as a teacher. when rowling first displayed her early harry potter stories to publishers, all of them turned her down!!! Apparently these book publishers (like many in general) didn't know a good thing even if it bit them on the leg. eventually about 4 and 1/2 yrs after rowling's finished her final harry potter, warner bros. and chris columbus amazed by the popularity of the books, and seeing the opportunity to profit from it, convinced her to do a film from her books. this film ''harry potter and the sorcerer's stone'' is the result. The film starts of by a mysterious sequence in which a young boy is dropped of the doorstep of a neighborhood. a big giant, named hagrid (robbie coltrane(, looks at the boy and eventually promises that he eventually come back for this special boy, who has an unusual birthmark on his head. The boy we learn is Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and he been brought here to be brought by one of the worst excuses of a mom and dad: His nasty aunt and uncle Mr and Mrs. Dursely (Richard Griffiths and Fiona Shaw) and their big fat son named Dudly. They abuse Harry literally using him as a slave around the house, and offering little luxury and love. We fast about 11 yrs, and suddenly we see that Harry is going hundreds of letters inviting him to come to the school of Hogwarts. Harry doesn't know what ''Hogwarts'' is, but his aunt and uncle, and like evil people do and keep that info away from hm, literally ripping up every letter addressed to Harry from Hogwarts. As Harry and his ''family'' are visiting the zoo , Harry notices he has special odd powers: He can talk to a snake and and literally makes the snake comes alive!!! Dudley, the big fat kid, tries to pet the snake, but ends going through the windows and poops his pants, lol, as he sees the snake escaping. 0 Harry is shocked, but happy he has this special powers. Eventually that day, Hagrid, comes to Harry's house, and tells him all about ''Hogwarts'' which is a special Wizards and Witches school for kids. He also tells Harry that he is a great wizard!!!!!!!! Harry and Hagrid, then leave the Dursely's and Harry begins his first step into the adventure at Hogwarts. At Hogwarts, Harry meets other potentials wizards and witches like Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) who become Harry's roomates at Griffindoor. The headmaster, Albus Dumbledore (Richard Harris), and a magical hat sort every Wizard and Witch candidate into their appropriate dorm, and so Harry Potters new classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione are sorted into Griffindoor. Here Harry and others meet their teachers such as Professor Snake (Alan Rickman from Die Hard fame) who specializes in potions. They also learn a bout special sports at Hogwarts like quidditch a special wizard sport. However, the trio also uncover mystery , danger, and adventure as they uncover, trolls, three headed dogs, and a special mystery known as ''The Philosopher's Stone''. Harry above all will discover a mysterious secret about his parents, and their encounter against, an evil Wizard named Voldemort. ''Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone'' is loaded with special effects: The school of Hogwarts is loaded with special spirits and dangers. There is a great effect in the film where a couple of painting come alive in the movie!!! It looks cool. More special effects such as the walking stairways at Hogwarts. Of course the biggest effects come with showing the Wizard powers of Harry, and the amazing enemies he encounters. ''Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone'' also has great makeup effects as well: For example , Harry in the beginning meets a couple of Goblins who work at the Gringotts bank where Harry has an account. The makeup is fantastic, the people playing the Goblins look amazingly real in their makeup. ''Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone'' was a big hit for it's great story about a special boy, the amazing adventures he has as he Wizardy and Mystery where he will not uncover, great adventure but uncover himself as well. J.K. Rowling has done her best work with Harry Potter. 3 of the Harry Potter films have already been finished, with the 3rd film film being released later this year. There is a great special 2 disc dvd for the movie and it includes: * A special interactive tour of Hogwarts * A special trivia section and Wizard section * Special DVD Roms features such as a screensaver * Interviews with Chris Columbus and cast *Commentary and much more However, the DVD features has it's setbacks for one is it's ''Extra Footage'' of the film. The ''Extra Footage'' are deleted scenes that didn't make the cut of the film. Ordinarly deleted scenes, are put into a special category on a dvd, so users can see the original film and then see the deleted scenes separately. I did like the commentary though explaining how tough yet fun it was in bringing Harry Potter to the big screen, obviously when the movie was a successful a box office franchise was born. The franchise of Harry Potter is not limited to the film or books, video games for the Playstation, Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance all have games of Harry Potter. However, Harry Potter is one the greatest fantasy movies in quite a while and J.K. Rowling has a done great job in bringing it to life.
A phenomenal, surprisingly good movie Let me start off by saying that I am a fan of the Harry Potter book series. I did sincerely hope that the movie would follow the book, because many big screen book adaptators take creative license to visualize their own interpretation. In other words, they mess it up. Overall, I was pleased with the first book's giant leap to the big screen, in spite of a few minor discrepancies. First of all, every actor hired to play a part in this movie was perfectly suited for his or her role. Daniel Radcliffe IS Harry Potter! If I ever see him on the street, where he will undoubtedly be mobbed by thirteen-year-old girls, I will probably slip up and call him Harry a few times! I do hope that little guy becomes a big star and not just the next Macaulay Culkin. He seems like a good kid. As I was saying, now when I read the other novels, I can picture these actors and actresses in my mind. Bravo to the casting directors for giving accurate visual representations of the characters. And another bravo to the actors themselves for doing an excellent job all around. The special effects in this film were fantastic, especially in the Quidditch scene. It is SO much better to see this game played out on the big screen than to read about it in the book. You can never quite see the action in your head while reading, so this movie pieces that scene together for you. That is why I call this movie "a great supplement to the book." It fills in gaps where your imagination may not have been so strong. This film is destined to be a kid-movie classic, right alongside films like "The Wizard of Oz" and "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory." Not many kid-movies are for kids anymore ...but this one is relatively safe to show in schools on Movie Day Friday or during recess. "Harry Potter" has brought a little respectability back to the children's films genre. The story is great and magical with some very true-to-life themes about uniqueness, bravery, and friendship. Yes, there were a few moments that didn't stick to the book, namely Hermione's exclusion from the final challenge, but I couldn't help but feel like the movie at least did the book justice. I understand that screenwriting is a difficult process that does not allow for everything in a book to be included in the film version. That's the way it goes. As far as the DVD is concerned, the movie transfer and sound is very excellent, but the special features aren't so special. I enjoyed the deleted scenes, but I did not enjoy the mess of a maze I had to endure to unlock them. A word to the wise: find a website that specializes in DVD easter eggs. Print out the directions to finding the deleted scenes and follow them to save time and frustration. In the meantime, enjoy this first installment in what will prove to be a very profitable franchise. I know lots of people, myself included, who are DYING to see "Chamber of Secrets." It's addictive!
Harry Potter fun but 2nd disk is a pain This movie is great-especially when you have read all the books and want more Harry Potter fun! Th cast is wonderful and Alan Rickman is awesome as Professor Snape. But the 2nd disk is difficult to use(that is why I gave this boxed set 4 stars). Once you get to the brick wall before Diagon alley you must find the combination so you can even see the "never before seen footage". I found help here from a review on Amazon so I could actually figure it out! Once you get to the deleted scenes they are fun to see-especially the extended sequence with professor Snape. This is what helped me: Hit "Diagon Alley" and enter on your remote. Next is finding the correct bricks. hit: left, up, up, enter up, enter up, enter down, down, enter down, enter Next you need to go to the bank. Highlight the sign "Gringotts" and hit the down arrow key on the remote to highlight the key. You will need that for the bank. Hit right and then enter on the remote. The vault is now open and you can exit. Next you need school supplies. Highlight "Ollivanders" and enter. This is where you purchase your wand. Eventually you will get the wand upon trying each box. Once you find it, you can leave the store. Go to the main menu and hit "classrooms" and from the next screen choose "Potions." Then highlight the mortar and pestle and hit enter. There are three potions you will need to make when asked. Sleeping Potion: Asphodel and Wormwood Alternative Name for Aconite: Monkshood and Wolfsbane Cure for a boil: Snake Fangs and Porcupine Quills Next you need to get the right key for the door. This is the room with the flying keys. You need to hit: right, up, up, right, enter This will have you select the small key with the broken wing. Next you have to choose the right potion from seven of them. Choose the yellow bottle (right, right enter). From that point, you will get to the mirror of Erised and the Sorcerer's Stone. Highlight the stone and hit enter. Now you can see the hidden clips! There are tons of other hidden things on this disc. You just have to play around with finding the items. There is also another hidden part on Disc 1. When you get to the main menu, hit right arrow on the remote to highlight the owl and enter. This gives you your own invitation to go to Hogwarts!
Faithful Book Adaptation Now here's something you don't see every day - a movie that is faithful to the book. 11 year old Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is an orphan living with his uncle and aunt. They treated him barely better then a servant. All that changes one day when he finds out that he's a wizard. Suddenly, he's introduced to a world that he doesn't know yet where he's famous. Before it all really sinks in, he's off to Hogwarts for his first year of schooling in the art of magic. There, he makes friends with Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson). But he also makes enemies in the form of Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton), a snobbish student. He evens seems to have attracted the negative attention of one of the teachers. But under all the fun, a serious danger lurks. And Harry is stumbling upon the pieces. Will he figure it out? What can an inexperienced wizard do against overwhelming powers? This movie was my introduction to Harry's world. Now I'm going back and watching it again after having read the books. I was pleased to see just how faithful it really was to the story. It tried to stay as true as it could to the book. The set, costumes, and special effects all worked well to bring the world of the books to vivid life. But that faithfulness is also the movie's downfall. Outside of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, none of the characters get much in the way of development. Additionally, the story takes a while to really get going. This is a flaw with the book as well, so I can't blame this only on the movie. Even with those complaints aside, it's wonderful to see this imaginative series brought to such vivid and accurate life. Fans of the books will be pleased.
AN AMAZING FILM!!!AND FUN FOR ALL AGES!!!!! I think the people that call this movie a kids flick are just a bunch of boring prudes.I'M 24,and I think that this movie's fun for any age.Sure it has some overly silly part's,like the ghost's flying around,and stuff like that,but let's not be so critical.The rest of the movie was really AMAZING!I give all of these movie's five star's!Although I do think that the second one's storyline was twice as good as this one,and the third one was twice as good as the second one.I think the movies just keep getting better.Now I don't really read the book's that much!But if the adaptations are good enough for the writer J.K Rowling,than who am I to argue.Plus I find it stupid when christian's hate these movie's when they sell The lord of the ring's movie's at their store's.I mean those movie's deal with Wizard's,Goblins,and an the evil eye.So being as they think there is no such thing as a good witch.Than they should all hate Gandalf,and not sell those movie's either.This movie is just good harmless fun.So I think that those people most likely haven't even seen this movie.For god sakes it has enchanted chocolate frog's that jump,and kid's that have funny backfiring wand's.Plus they collect wizard card's,and play a game called Quidich on their broom stick's.If that's not very imaginative,and harmless fun,then I don't know what is!If people get into witchcraft that's their own private perogative,but I can garauntee you,that if they say this really fun,and imaginative movie was their sole reason for doing it.Than they're most likely lieing.And if it did,than they should stay out of the theatre's all together,because they take thing's far,far,far to seriously,and literally...
HP is the best We decided to buy all ultimate versions of Harry Potter. I mean, why wouldn't you. AND we decided to get the original version released in the UK, hence the Philosopher's stone instead of the Sorcerer's Stone. And it's less expensive because it's not the norm here in the US.
DVD Widescreen or Full Screen Choose "Wide Screen" or the "Pan and Scan" version? Here is some help: For the most part in any DVD, the Wide Screen or "Letterbox" version is supposed to "PRESERVE" the aspect version that you saw at the movies. "Harry Potter" versions were probably filmed using 1.18:1 aspect ratio, but Warner Bros Pictures used a 2.35:1 aspect ratio to transfer to the widescreen DVD. This is good for the new widescreen tvs, but, this also cheats you out of this movies' integrety; whereas it deletes both the top and bottom portions of the original film. Some movies are SHOT in 2.35:1 aspect ratio, and you usually do not lose anything with those - (why couldn't they just do the 1.18:1 aspect ratio as it was meant to be seen?) For purists, it's fine for the new television monitors and tvs, but I would prefer the full top to bottom view of the actors and things that they are holding and the hand movements. The TV or the "Full Screen" version, (Still not 1.18:1 aspect ratio), was meant to fit on a regular TV screen. Here, little portions are lost in the left side of the film. I prefer to take the little loss on the sides versus losing the top and bottom, showing clapping, wand holding, etc to be seen, so skip the widescreen and purchase the "Full Screen" version if that is what you want. Either way, the movie is a PIP! I thought that the essence of mystery mixed with human emotion is nicely portrayed. Nothing is as good as the book, (your own imagination is used there), but the movie does give some nice escape in imagination with some excellent acting and computer gra-fix!
The characters couldn't have been better chosen & the settings were breathtaking Delightful! The characters couldn't have been better chosen & the settings were breathtaking. The reason it's such a great movie is because the BOOK is so fantastic -- AND the reader's imagination* I gave it only 4 stars because it COULD have been more consistent with the book. If I'd been a younger version of myself, I would have been SO distracted by the inconsistencies (movie vs book) that I'd have been too outraged to enjoy the movie!
Superb movie debut for Harry This captures the books charm, excitement and magic perfectly. A wonderful cast and beautiful costumes and sets set the tone for Harry as he discovers he's a wizard and goes of to Hogwarts. A wonderful movie for children and adults alike. Best line ( which wasn't in the book by the way ) As Hagrid crashed through the door to first meet Harry. " SORRY "BOUT THAAAAAT! " A classic. Love Alan Rickman as Snape, and Maggie Smith is simply delightful as MacGonagall. The late, great Richard Harris is superb as Dumbledore. This is a special treat. Enjoy!
Very Entertaining! I can't think why I didn't write a review on "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" before, but I remembered that I had that movie so I decided to write on it today. The story is about a boy named Harry Potter(obviously) and his parents who are actually a famous wizard and witch who were killed by the evil wizard Voldemort. But he does not know that, for his mean-spirited aunt and uncle had falsely told him that his parents had 'died in a car-crash'. Of course, there's the fat cousin, too. One day, he discovers all about his parents, his real history, and also about the wonderful school for wizards and witches at Hogwarts when Hagrid, the keeper of keys and something(I forgot) of Hogwarts, meets him on Harry's 11th birthday. Of course, Harry leaves his aunt, uncle, and cousin and goes to Hogwarts with Hagrid. The story goes on about a mysterious stone that makes you live eternally and a three-headed dog that's, obviously, VERY dangerous. It's all very interesting! I think some kids might(MIGHT!) get scared some parts, like the part where the bad guy(not saying who!) shows his two-faced head. Or the part where Harry's opening a book and the face comes roaring out. THAT was surprising and scary in a way. But, it's just my opinion because I got kind of shocked those parts. :) The Quidditch Match was really cool, a little bit silly, but still very cool! I also loved the part where all the foooood comes out(mmmmm!) All in all, Harry Potter was a bit scary and surprising, but it was still very fun and exciting to watch!
I have seen this so many times and the Harry ... I have seen this so many times and the Harry Potter collection never ceases to entertain me. I am watching it with my youngest grandchild (have 6) and they all have been awed by the story, graphics and effects.
You Can Never Get Enough Magic In the last analysis, there is only one real plot: the clash between good and evil. Harry Potter and his friends bring this fact home to us, and remind us that everyone, of every age, is caught up in the conflict. For this reviewer, it took the film "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" to make a connection with the Potter phenomenon. I had read the book; and while I was impressed by author J.K. Rowling's achievement in getting children to read I was only mildly impressed by the work itself. Then one day I was able to pop the movie into a vcr and magic happened. And you can never get enough magic. (By the way, on a radio program not long ago I heard a film director describe the Harry Potter films as totally lacking in magic. People certainly are entitled to their opinions; but in this case I believe some sour grapes might well have been involved. After all, the man didn't get to direct either of the Potter films that have been issued to date.) I call numerous things about "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" magical. Not least is Daniel Radcliffe's perfornance as Harry. He is a very charismatic young actor, and it is hard to take your eyes off him. He combines an appealing sweetness with the toughness necessary to survive for a time when the Forces of Evil have a deep personal grudge against you. I would be very happy to recommend this film to anyone. Especially to children who can learn a great deal about the world through this well-crafted and entertaining story.
Great Movie Love Harry Potter! Ordered the series for the kids to catch up on before visiting Universal Studios. ~Author Neva Squires-Rodriguez Check out my books, The Liliana Series and my holiday books. Available here on my favorite place to shop!
Harry Soars...a real winner The movie fulfills almost all the possibilities and loses very little from the fantastic book...there is no way a movie could actually film EVERY scene in the book...but, it come s close. My children could not resist...we went 3 times to the theater while waiting for the movie release...and we NEVER go to the movies!! Since we bought this, we have watched it about 15 times, and the kids have watched it even more times without their mom...! A reader's dream...the Quiddich game was great, very exciting...!!!Just as my imagination had it 'painted' in my head.
Own the DVD, and now have it on Prime I love this movie. There isn't anything I DON'T like about it. In fact, I own two copies of the DVD, and I just ordered this to watch via Amazon Prime for the convenience of turning on my TV to see it... without having to load the DVD player. Yes, I'm that much of a fan. I felt kind of guilty ordering it on Prime, since the DVDs are in a bookcase less than three feet from the TV. However, when I'm taking a break -- or at the end of the day -- it's pretty darned nice to just fall onto the sofa, turn on the TV, and be able to relax with Harry Potter on the screen, effortlessly. Yep, it's worth every cent, and then some. As far as I'm concerned, the best way to become reacquainted with the magic of everyday life is to spend a few minutes with Harry Potter.
Only three years ago? Rowling's wonderful book was magical in itself. What but magic could have made so many American kids (among others) pick up a book willingly and read it? Everything came together (or was brought together) just right for ths film. I understand that Rowling demanded artistic control, to make sure her story survived as well as it could, and it did. The casting was great. Alan Rickman made Snape into something that can never be repeated. Hermione, Ron, the professors - all brilliant matches of person to role. Even Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) was wonderful. I knew, because as soon as I saw him on screen, I just wanted to smack him. There's just so much here for a tween-age kid that I'm amazed all over again. All the adults are way too big, every experience is new, all kinds of wonderful secrets are being exposed, and there are still way too many rules. Most of all, the effects are a) pervasive and b) unobtrusive. The amount of computed imagery is just mind-numbing. Still, almost all of it looks natural and well tuned to the live action. Buying the DVD costs about as much as seeing a first-run movie twice these days. If you watch this twice (and you will), you break even if you buy it. If you watch it more (and you will), you're ahead of the game. Go for it. Get yourself one of the best kids' movies ever. You deserve it. //wiredweird
Good for the kids, at least I personally loved the movie and looked forward to getting my hands on the 2-disk DVD for the special features. The interactive menus are extremely clever, and designed most definitely for the younger kids who will get a kick out of attempting to open the portal to Diagon Alley and a few puzzles to access other parts of the special features part on Disk 2. I had to access the books to remember a few details for certain puzzles, which was a bit annoying. The payoff at the end, 7 deleted scenes, was worth a small part on the trouble gone to. What is disappointing and missing is a director commentary track on the movie, as well as any technical aspects outside of initial storyboard concepts (through yet another puzzle-like page). There were no documentaries outside of a short interview / small glimpse into the production values of making the film (essentially they are interviews with the Producer, Director, the Production Director, and the scriptwriter. It's excellent for the film, which is the real highlight of the DVD. However, someone over at Warner needs to rethink the Special Features category for the adult fans of the series and movie. The DVD is a kids interactive tool, most of the features intended for the kids market. I would like to think that Warner is going to be smart enough to release a revised Speical Edition with all the trimmings, as most high-profile DVDs have (like the commentary, costume design, production value and concepts outside of the brief interviews, the option for audio). Buy it because you love the movie. Unfortunately the special features lack at present.
At first, I thought this movie would be terrible... One of my only complaints about this movie is the fact that there wasn't as much character development shown by the minor characters (Percy, Fred, and George Weasley, Oliver Wood, Neville Longbottom, Seamus Finnigan) as there were in the books. But the acting was some of the best I've ever seen!! My personal favorite characters in the movie are Vernon Dursley, Professor McGonagall (EXACTLY how I imagined her), Malfoy, Harry Potter (How'd they find a kid who is so good at the part AND who almost perfectly matches the description in the book??!) and especially Ron Weasley. (Rupert Grint is HILARIOUS!...) I didn't enjoy Emma Watson's (Hermione) performance as much as I did in the second movie (She's improving:-). The screenwriters did an excellent job of adapting and staying true to the book. The sets were brilliant too, and it has one of the two best movie soundtracks ever (The other being the Fellowship of the Ring). At first I thought for sure I would dislike this movie, but I was proven wrong. While I think toy companies have gone a bit too far with the t-shirts, bumper stickers, and dolls of Harry Potter characters (Ugh. Who wants their face reproduced by Mattel?) this movie has not overstepped any bounds. The part in the end (Obviously the climatic bloody battle -what fantasy movie doesn't have one?) with Voldemort and Professor Quirrel and Harry still scares the heck out of me.
Movie is great... but the DVD is lacking While I still utterly adore this movie (which certainly is 4 stars or more), I think there are some issues with DVD that deserve mention. The quality of the transfer is obviously good and I am very happy to see that most are now being made with WIDESCREEN as the default format. However, the "extras" included seemed painfully scant from a release with this much anticipation. A good deal of content is rehashed of the web content. If you visited the site at least once (which I imagine many fans have), you've seen much of the DV-ROM section. Secondly there is no easy way to access the additional footage. It was mildly charming to initially plod through the "game" to find hidden footage, but not so much so if you wanted to view it a second time. Other than the interview with Chris Columbus (director) and the producer of the film, there are not many other things to hold the attention of an adult. Particularly annoying is the lack of a director's commentary. And while there IS a book in the library containing Quidditch pre-production art, there is little else. Finally, while this is a very minor point, the DVD is boxed in such a way that it JUTS out from my shelf. I am sure that is a clever marketing ploy, but from a collector with nearly 200 DVDs, I find it a little troublesome. BUT... buy the DVD anyway. Its a great film and franchise! :)
If you've already read the book, the movie is self-recommending For years, the Wife-O-Meter has shown her annoyance about the versions of the "Potter" movies she sometimes runs across while casually channel surfing through cable TV, because she says they are longer than the versions we have on disc, with additional scenes she enjoys. The first time she complained of this, I asked her to call me if she saw a scene that wasn't in our sets. She did, and she was right, after I put the appropriate disc on and found the scene missing. Now, Warner Bros. have rectified the situation with the first of their series of "Ultimate Editions," which include both the theatrical and extended versions of the "Potter" movies. In the case of the first box set, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," it includes the regular edition at 152 minutes and the extended cut at 159 minutes. This initial installment in the "Potter" movie saga from 2001, reviewed here on Blu-ray, may not look as sharply defined in high def as subsequent episodes, but it is still plenty good, and in addition to the two cuts of the film, the movie comes with a lossless DTS-HD Master Audio soundtrack that's better than ever. Add in a slew of bonus goodies, and the set establishes a high standard for the rest of the "Ultimate Editions" to follow. Wizards, giants, dragons, trolls, goblins, monsters, castles, hidden passageways, magic wands, flying broomsticks, and humorous names. How could the J.K. Rowling's fantasy-adventure novels not fail to catch the public eye, first among its intended audience, children, and then among grown-ups. The question is why director Chris Columbus ("Home Alone," "Mrs. Doubtfire") couldn't quite make the film version of this first book truly fly. It's certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination the way I had hoped it might. I have a few answers right off the Quidditch bat, so to speak. First, the author never meant the book primarily for adults, but it is adults who are doing the reviewing and criticizing. Seems a little unfair. Second, in another of Hollywood's monumental coincidences and after a drought of good fantasy films, the initial "Potter" movie arrived only a month or so ahead of another highly anticipated fantasy adventure, the opening installment of "The Lord of the Rings." Comparisons were inevitable, mostly to "Potter's" disadvantage. After all, J.R.R. Tolkien, an Oxford professor of medieval literature, aimed his "Ring" trilogy squarely at adults, writing in an eloquently poetic style, with intricately developed characters, and an epic landscape. It was no wonder the film version of his work would succeed on a more mature and elaborate scale. Ms. Rowling's relatively simple, straightforward prose is fun and easy to read but no match for Tolkien's lyricism. Third, in an effort to satisfy its legion of fans, Columbus attempted to put almost everything in the book into the movie, and it's clear that not every book translates well to the screen on a word-for-word basis. In fact, the "Potter" film outlasts its welcome by a good thirty minutes or more, becoming tiresome to this reviewer shortly after the two-hour mark. Heck, most of this initial outing is exposition--character and setting introductions--and the actual plot doesn't even kick in until the last third of a very long, 152-minute film. Now, for the sake of those few readers who might still be wondering what all the fuss is about in the first place, let me tell you that the story is a fantasy about a boy who discovers a world filled with magic and that he, much to his surprise, is a major player in it. The boy is Harry Potter, the son of a pair of good wizards murdered by an evil wizard when Harry was but a babe. The child's friends then placed him in the keeping of a pair of non-magical humans (or Muggles as they refer to us mere mortals), who raise Harry in a cupboard beneath the stairs, keeping him totally unaware of his heritage before his coming-out and training in the arts of wizardry on his eleventh birthday. The story follows Harry's adventures as goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he meets new friends, makes new enemies, and encounters the various dragons, trolls, and monsters alluded to earlier as he attempts to solve the mystery of a hidden power. Originally, English writer Rowling titled her novel "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," but the publishers weren't sure if Americans would understand the meaning of a "Philosopher's Stone" (an imaginary object believed capable of transforming base metals into gold and, in some legends as here, of effecting a person's regeneration). This reminds me that when the James Bond adventure "License Revoked" came to the screen, its filmmakers weren't sure if Americans would know what "revoked" meant, so they retitled it "License To Kill." You think if Americans just read more? Anyway, in order to make the movie succeed, Warner Brothers had to get several things right: They needed the right script, the right cast, the right director, and the right "look." They managed most of it, and, as I say, maybe the reason the movie doesn't entirely click is as much a fault of the book as it is the film. The screenplay by Steven Kloves sticks closely to Rowling's novel, including almost every character and action. The big exception comes at the end where fans of the book may notice that suddenly things don't happen in the film's climax exactly as they occurred on the printed page. It didn't bother me very much, but it annoyed the devil out of the Wife-O-Meter, who kept nudging me that this and that was "wrong." Oh, well, all I can say well is the ending is a minor aberration for the sake of cinematic simplicity and continuity. Then, there's the cast. They all look terrific, appearing almost exactly as you imagine them in the book. How they act and behave in the film is another matter, though, and the actors' performances may or may not meet everyone's expectations. After an exhaustive search for the perfect English lad to play Harry, they settled on young Daniel Radcliffe. Like the other cast members, Radcliffe looks physically well suited to the role. He just seems a bit less animated than I had wished, a bit less charismatic, a bit less of a screen presence. Nevertheless, Radcliffe is an appealing actor exuding an appropriately simple navet, and he would grow into the part to the point where today audiences probably think of Radcliffe and Potter as the same person. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger actually come off with a degree more charm than Radcliffe. They are properly innocent, precocious, and mischievous at the same time. Richard Harris plays the Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, but you'd hardly guess it under the heavy beard and makeup. He hasn't much to do, in any case. More to the point is Maggie Smith as the Deputy Headmistress, Professor Minerva McGonagall, who has a better-written role and who has more of a chance to develop a serious character. Likewise, Robbie Coltrane as the giant gamekeeper, Hagrid, is a major figure in the action, and Coltrane as always is watchable and enjoyable. Whether he quite defines the soft-at-heart tough-guy image we get from the book is open to question, but his more amusingly droll interpretation is highly acceptable. John Cleese has a brief part as Sir Nicholas, "Nearly Headless Nick," a comical ghost who inhabits Hogwarts and shows up at the least-expected and most-inopportune times. Filling out the remainder of the major roles are Alan Rickman as the ominous Professor Severus Snape; Ian Hart as the inconspicuous Professor Quirrell; John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander; Zo Wanamaker as Madame Hooch; Richard Griffiths and Fiona Shaw as Uncle Vernon Dursley and his wife, Aunt Petunia Evans Dursley, the Muggles who raise Potter; and Harry Melling as the Dursley's horribly bratty spoiled child, Dudley Dursley. The director, Chris Columbus, had to keep all of these people and events flying in the air with the skill of a circus juggler, and he is generally up to the task. To blame him for any flatness in the final product might be unfair, given that his job was primarily to translate almost every moment in the book to the screen. He undoubtedly did his best with what the script offered, but he didn't take many liberties to be overly inventive or innovative. Which brings us to the "look" of the movie, where we see its greatest strengths. A combination of computer graphics, detailed sets, and real-life locations gives the film the authenticity its fans expect. Unquestionably, the most important set piece is Hogwarts, and it comes off splendidly. Our introduction to the ancient school comes at night, after a spooky supernatural train ride to somewhere in another dimension. Here, the film's huge budget proves its worth as footage of real castles intertwines with matte shots and computer animation to create a convincingly portentous yet wholly magical place--dark and forbidding yet endlessly fascinating, warm, and comforting. Likewise, the forests, the shops, the alleyways, even Hagrid's hut have an imaginative, inviting, fairy-tale enchantment about them. It isn't the film's fault that the settings haven't the scope or variety of those in "The Lord of the Rings," but "Sorcerer's Stone" does the best with what it's got. Video: The dual-layer BD50 Blu-ray disc's 1080p, VC-1 encoded, widescreen reproduction captures the film's 2.40:1 aspect ratio nicely. The image is a tad softer than that of the later installments in the series, although it still looks fine. Colors are quite bright in daylight sequences, the tiniest bit duller in others, black levels are strong, and shadow detail appears reasonably well captured at night and in dimly lit scenes. Flesh tones are particularly natural, although there is bit of glassiness to the image now and then. There is also a touch of light grain one notices throughout, undoubtedly a condition of the original print and nothing to fret about. Audio: Whereas the HD DVD of "The Sorcerer's Stone" had a Dolby TrueHD track and the previous Blu-ray edition used uncompressed PCM, this new Ultimate Edition BD comes with DTS-HD Master Audio. On the theatrical version it's 6.1 and on the extended cut 5.1. I couldn't tell much difference between the 6.1 and 5.1, but I'm sure if I sat down and spent more time with it, I would notice some differences in some scenes. In any case, I'd say the audio provides just about everything you could want, although the soundtrack itself isn't quite as embellished in the surround-sound department as subsequent ones. The frequency range and dynamic impact are certainly impressive, and the bass thunders deeply when the situations calls for it. The side/rear channels add a pleasant ambient bloom to the musical score and enhance one's enjoyment of storms, rain, wind, and creepy noises in the night, though often subtly. I loved the episode with the owls and the letters early on. It is, however, in the disc's transient attacks--the quick, sharp sounds--that the lossless audio track comes into its own. Sounds are crisp and forceful, reproducing gunshots, lightning bolts, and thunder with commendable realism. Extras: Disc one of this four-disc Ultimate Edition contains the two versions of the movie, the theatrical and extended cut, both in widescreen. The main added bonus is the "In-Movie Experience," an interactive feature with picture-in-picture commentary on all aspects of the filmmaking process. The "however" is that it only comes with the theatrical version. In addition, there are English and Spanish spoken languages; Spanish subtitles; English captions for the hearing impaired; BD-Live access; and thirty-five scene selections. Disc two is also a Blu-ray on a single-layer BD25 and contains several items, the main one being the high-definition documentary "Creating the World of Harry Potter: Part 1: The Magic Begins." It's a little over an hour long, and as the title suggests, it is the first of a series of documentaries that cover every inch of the films and will eventually stretch into many hours. In addition, the disc contains a two-minute introduction by Daniel Radcliffe; a nine-minute, standard-def featurette made in 2001, "A Glimpse into the World of Harry Potter"; seven additional scenes in HD, most of which the studio incorporated in the extended cut; and a gallery of two theatrical trailers, one teaser trailer, and fifteen TV spots. Disc three is a regular DVD that duplicates the extras on the previous standard-def edition. It's the fun-and-games portion of the program, which adults (at least this adult) may find tedious. Here, the bonus items become an amusement, with the viewer using the remote to maneuver through the many twists and turns of Diagon Alley and Hogwarts in order to explore and find the secret hidden within. But, as the narrator tells you, stay away "from the third floor corridor on the right-hand side unless you want to die a most painful death." With this in mind, here are some of the things you'll encounter on your way: (1) "Capturing the Stone: A Conversation with director Chris Columbus and producer David Heyman." (2) Diagon Alley: Gringott's Bank, Ollivanders Wands, and Eeylops Owl Emporium. (3) Hogwarts' self-guided tour, in which you use your remote to walk through the school, viewing, among other things, the Gryffindor common room, the Great Hall, Harry's room, the classrooms, and Hagrid's hut. (4) Hogwarts' classrooms, but you'll need to get your wand at Ollivanders first. (5) Hogwarts' library, where you can meet the characters of the book and the ghosts of Hogwarts, open a screaming book, catch a clue to the Mirror Erised, and more. (6) Hogwarts Grounds, where you can catch a Snitch with your remote, get a lesson in Quidditch, and more. (7) Cast a spell over a scene in eight languages with "Harry Potter Throughout the World," an item I still didn't have time or ambition to pursue. And (8) Extra Credit: DVD-ROM materials that include being sorted by the Sorting Hat, playing with Wizard Trading Cards, downloading flying owls, Quidditch screensavers, and Rememberalls, owl e-mail messages, game demos, and so forth. Finally, remember, your goal is to find the stone, so we're told to sneak past Fluffy and other challenges to reveal the secret in the Mirror of Erised. Or something. Then, disc four contains a digital copy of the theatrical version of the film in standard def. The digital copy is compatible with iTunes and Windows Media, the offer expiring December 8, 2010. But, wait, as the infomercial announcers would say, that's not all. Besides the four discs, the package includes a forty-eight page, hardbound photo book; the first two cards--Harry Potter and Minerva McGonigall--in a series of character cards; a foldout Digipak case for the main three discs (a case that is also suitable for placing on the shelf if you don't want to display the entire box); an elaborately ornate hard-cardboard box for all the materials; and a fancy, embossed slipcase for the box. Nice. Parting Thoughts: I recall coming out of the motion picture theater after first seeing "The Sorcerer's Stone" and thinking, "It's cute, I liked it, but it's not quite what I had hoped for." There wasn't, for instance, the sense of joy, awe, and elation I experienced after watching "LOTR: The Fellowship of the Ring" a month or so later. No, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" may not meet everyone's expectations, particularly adults who are looking for something less staid, less wooden, less grounded in the here and now. Despite the film's glorious special effects and dead-on characters and imagery, older viewers may find the movie never seems fully to come to life. Nonetheless, it is a delightful fantasy for children, and on the strength of its Blu-ray high-definition graphics and lossless DTS-HD Master Audio sound alone, it's worth watching. If you've already read the book, the movie is self-recommending in any case.
Who doesn't like Harry Potter? Oh yeah, Draco Malfoy This story has Adventure! Wizards! And a great Who Dunnit! Kids and adults love this movie. And why not? It has something for everyone. It's a great story about a boy who realizes his true potential, and all the obstacles he has to over come.
Harry Potter extended version video This version of the sorcerer's stone is a much better version than the "Harry Potter complete 8-film collection" which I didn't like at all. I would definitely recommend this and hopefully find the other 6 videos of the same quality. There's a difference.
Faithful And True... After reading Rowling's book, I was expecting a total disaster of a movie. I couldn't imagine the possibility of a decent film version of such a great book. I was gladly wrong! HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE translates perfectly to the screen. The story is faithfully engaging and the characters are played as if they walked off the pages of the book. When I first saw Alan Rickman as Snape, Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall, and Richard Harris as Dumbledore, I was amazed at how much they WERE the characters! Harry himself (Daniel Radcliffe) is perfectly cast, as are his friends, Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) and Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint). Even Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) is captured in all his warm, grizzly bear-sized glory! The story is well known: Harry grows up with his dastardly mean muggle (non-magical folk) aunt, uncle, and cousin Dudley, not knowing that all along, he's the legendary hero of the entire wizarding world! One day, Harry begins to find out who / what he really is. An entirely new universe opens up before him, leading him into the great adventure that is his true destiny. A riveting tale of discovery, courage, and friendship. HPATSS is very well-written fantasy fiction, turned into a wonderful family movie. Highly recommended...
Magic at it's best I am very happy with my decision to purchase the Ultimate edition of HP & the Sorcerer's Stone. I'm one that very much enjoys seeing the behind-the-scenes info included on DVD extras. That being said, I was most disappointed in the extras on the original SS DVD. Granted, at that time, WB was aiming the movie strictly at children & the extra features were appropriately "kid entertaining." The Ultimate edition has a wealth of extras with additions to satisfy HP fans of all ages. A plus is the theater release version is included as well as the extended edition (for those times you just want to be nostalgic), plus a digital copy. The behind-the-scene extras are excellent & very well done, with the advantage of having the actors, now much older, being able to comment & share thoughts of "back then." It is very fascinating to learn all that went into the original creation of this world visually - things we as viewers tend to take for granted - & how that has served as the basis for all the subsequent films. I had originally planned on only purchasing the Ultimate edition of the 1st movie. After seeing the quality of material & care taken in the making of this one, I'm afraid I'll be purchasing them all as they come out!
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
Ultmate Indeed We had the original DVD set, but decided to upgrade to the blu-ray Ultimate Edition to get the extended cut (and make the jump to HD). The purchase was well worth it, with the additional scenes making an already great movie even more fun for fans of the books - or just fans of the movie who want to see more. The image quality is great, and the Ultimate Edition extras have a little something for everyone. Although I'm not usually a big fan of all the little things that come with a collector's set, the book and behind the scenes material here is fun, and worth diving in to if you have the time. As for the rest of the Ultimate Edition collection, I'd say that Chamber of Secrets is also worth the Ultimate Treatment (since it also includes an extended cut), but 3-7 are worth skipping in their ultimate formats unless you absolutely need every special feature.
For Casual Fans This is a review of the Blu-ray set, not the movie. The movie is fantastic on every level, and I think most people know that. What's included: -Blu-ray Version (with bonus features) -DVD version -Digital Copy Code Bluray: 4 Stars The Blu-ray disc included is the same as the first Blu-ray release of the film. The picture quality is good but not fantastic. Out of all the Harry Potter Blu-rays this one looks the worst (but that's understandable considering its age). Some less than impressive CGI effects become more apparent due to the picture upgrade. The sound quality is fantastic all around when played on my home theater system. All in all the picture and sound are MUCH better than the DVD version for sure and are worth the price. Extras: 2 1/2 Stars The bonus features is where this edition falls flat and really shows that it's not for hardcore fans. Most of the features are just clips extrapolated from the movie and not really anything new. Also worth mentioning is the lackluster menu which is just a screenshot from the movie with the selections completely covering it. The list below will describe all of the extras... + Additional Scenes - You get 7 deleted scenes. Good extra, we appreciate it. + Capturing the Stone - A 15 or so minute feature of the director and producer explaining the process of bringing the novel to the big screen. Best of the so called "features", quite interesting. + Around the World Multilanguage Clip - Basically a scene that you can play in several different languages, kinda pointless. + Ghosts of Hogwarts - A brief clip of the ghosts in the movie with a narrator introducing each of them. Again, pointless. + Yearbook Character Clips - This feature takes you to a menu that lets you pick from several different characters, once you select one you see a montage of clips from the movie showing their personality. If you watched the movie once, this isn't worth looking at. + Lessons in Quidditch - The clip from the movie where Wood explains Quidditch to Harry with some scenes from the Quidditch match. Useless. + What It Takes to Hatch a Dragon Egg - The clip where Hagrid's dragon hatches with a narrator explaining how it works. Slightly interesting, but still USELESS. + Theatrical and Teaser Trailers - Do I need to explain this? DVD: 4 1/2 Stars There's not much to say here. It's the DVD version, it gets the job done. It somehow manages to have a better menu than the Blu-ray version too. No extras except Cast & Crew Bios and Trailers. Digital Copy: 4 1/2 Stars Again, not a lot to say. You download a program from the link they give you and enter your code to download the movie. The program is a little hard to install sometimes but usually works fine. You can pick either a Windows Media Player or iTunes digital copy to download, which is nice. The quality of the digital copy is decent, about the same as the DVD version. Packaging: 4 1/2 Stars The new cover artwork is a nice touch for this series of Blu-ray Combo Packs. I do wish they had slip cases for these releases but it's not a big deal. Overall: 4 Stars **** Like I said this is more for the casual fan who wants to be able to watch the movie almost anywhere. Hardcore fans I'd suggest looking at the Ultimate edition. If you are interested in this edition I'd suggest getting it at Target rather than Amazon if you want a better deal.
Good movie for a family event What can I say? It's the Harry Potter movie. The kids love it and I like it too. We'll all enjoy it together around Halloween, as a family event, along with some popcorn and hot chocolate. It arrived very quickly.
Better Version of an already Fantastic Movie As a lover the the entire series, and a huge fan of the first movie in particular, the extended edition was an amazing find. I loved watching all the extra scenes, and when watching the movie with friends they were all very excited to see something new out of a movie that we've loved for so long.
A Really Good Movie DVD-- with Great Special Features Undoubtedly, every person reading this review has already seen the movie, probably in a theatre, or at least at home on VHS or DVD. So you don't need me to tell you how spectacular the movie is, or how well acted, or how beautifully adapted from the book. I give the movie 4 stars. So how in the world can I give the DVD 5 stars, you ask? Because of the special features, like nothing on any other DVD I've ever seen. The interactive stuff is truly interactive, with all kinds of neat rewards for choosing the right answers, and neat punishments for choosing the wrong ones. There's even a section about the Seven-Bottle Puzzle that was such a neat point in the book, but which was left out of the movie-- you have to have read the book to get the correct answer, a nice case of movie producer acknowledging his debt to author. There's a very nice virtual 3-D tour of Hogwarts, including details you can barely make out during the movie itself. My only complaint is that there are no interviews with the three major young actors, but that's minor. On the whole, I love this 2-DVD set, and in some ways the second disk is the better of the two!
Conflicted movie... While making any movie based on a popular book (Harry Potter, Lord Of The Rings), the movie makers have a major conflict on their hands: should they remain loyal to the fans, and make a movie which is almost identical to the book, or try and adapt it as much as possible to the screen, and make it more available for the general crowd, even though this might require compromises to the original story. LOTR's crew has decided to go with the later - changing the facts of the story, while keeping its spirit. This has made some of the more dedicated fans angry, but has exposed many non - fans to the story. Harry Potter 1, on the other hand, doesn't seem to have decided between the options - some parts of the story were cut for timing or because of their small significance, but nothing was added or changed to clarify the story to the non fans. So the fans weren't happy with the cuts, but anyone else could never understand the story without reading the book first. Another problem with this DVD set is the fact the the special features revolve around games, as if someone forgot that many grownups are also fans of the film.
Hot off the presses! Warner Home Video has announced Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince on Blu-ray, set for release on December 8, will be joined by new "ultimate editions" of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. The six remaining Potter films, taking into account two films for The Deathly Hallows, will also receive ultimate edition treatments. Tbe new versions of Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets will see an upgrade to 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio as well as 7 and thirteen minutes added to a new director's cut, respectively. The theatrical cut will be housed on disc one, the new cut on disc two, and discs three and four will be dedicated to supplemental materials. Packed in with each set will be a 48-page character book and 2 cards from a new series of character cards. Bonus features for these new ultimate editions are anchored with a new multi-part documentary split between each set. Warner's original listing of features was a bit jumbled so I tried to break them out as logical as possible below. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Theatrical and extended version with 7 extra minutes on discs 1 and 2 Tour the Gryffindor Common Room, Harry's Room and the Great Hall - Welcome to the self-guided tour of Hogwarts, home of witches and wizards in training, and take in the sights Classrooms: Defense Against the Dark Arts; Spells and Charms; Potions; Transfiguration Deleted Scenes Library: Gallery of Art & Architecture Hogwarts Yearbook Guide to Ghosts - Discover the many marvelous and mysterious ghosts of Hogwarts Quaffle and Bludger - Get a lesson from Oliver Wood on how to play Quidditch Tour Hagrid's Hut - Welcome to the self-guided tour of Hagrid's Hut, home of Rubeus Hagrid, the keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts, and his faithful companion, Fang. Interview - Capturing the Stone: A Conversation with the Filmmakers - Director Chris Columbus, Producer David Heyman, Screenwriter Steve Kloves and Production Designer Stuart Craig talk about casting and bringing the novel to life. NEW: Introduction by Daniel Radcliffe - An introduction to the many special features for the Harry Potter films NEW: Creating the World of Harry Potter, Part 1: The Magic Begins - Discover the story of how one vision for the Harry Potter films came together out of limitless possibilities to create the visual world we have come to know and love. A Glimpse Into the World of Harry Potter 2001 International TV Special Deleted Scenes Trailers and TV Spots Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Theatrical and extended version with 13 minutes not shown in theaters. Creating the World of Harry Potter Part 2: Characters A Whole New Realm of Discovery... Discover the intriguing inside stories of why so many of Britain's most celebrated stars took roles in the series See the newly unveiled screen test between Daniel Radcliffe and Evanna Lynch (selected to play Luna out of 15,000 hopefuls!) Go on the set to see firsthand how each of the directors brought unique strengths to the series Witness the amazing transformations as Daniel, Rupert and Emma grow with their characters over a decade of unprecedented filmmaking. Never-Before-Seen Screen Tests of Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Revealed - 2002 HBO First Look special Trailers and TV Spots Deleted Scenes Lockhart's Classroom Photo Gallery: Certificates - Have a look at Gilderoy Lockhart's many achievements Required Reading - Find out what text books you'll need for Lockhart's Defense Against the Dark Arts class. Behind Hogwarts A Conversation with J.K. Rowling and Steve Kloves - The author and screenwriter detail how the books are brought to life, and the changes that happen in the process Build a Scene - Building a scene as magnificent as Professor Dumbledore's office takes more than wood, plaster, nails and paint. It takes imagination. Tour Dumbledore's Office - Welcome to the self-guided tour of Professor Dumbledore's office, one of the most fascinating rooms at Hogwarts. Interviews with Students, Professors and More Gallery of Production Sketches Spellcaster Knowledge Challenge [Game] EA Game Preview
Fun for the family I've seen this movie several times, but now that my son is 8 and reading the books I thought it would be nice for him to see the movies. It's still a little long for him, but with a mid movie snack he made it through 
Beware Harry Potter... If you value your Sanity, forget Buying this film, don't even watch it, if you do you'll regret it for the rest of your life. Last Christmas I made the mistake of seeing this film in the cinema, and now I'm hooked. I waited a few weeks to see the Philospher's Stone, and I just had to see The Chamber of secrets on its day of release as a result. I have since read all four books just to get my fix. There are three dates I am looking forward to in 2003:- The release of The 5th Book, the Release of the Chamber of Secrets on DVD/VHS and the release of the 3rd Film in the Cinema. Believe me when I tell you childrens films don't get any better than this (Except maybe Darby O'Gill and the Little People). It has it all, family humour and action that will keep everyone from the youngest, right up to Granny entertained for hours. So I only have one question left to ask, why are you still here and not in front of the TV watching possibly the best film in the last decade. Forget Lord of the Rings, Forget Starwars, this is Entertainment that only an all star British cast can provide!!
:) I originally had the complete box series of Years 1-5, and like a moron sent my Year 1 to Netflix on accident. A year later and they have yet to return it. Anyway, this two disk version is pretty awesome in that it offers more special features than the original one I had did, and my bluray player will actually play this version (as it doesn't like certain dvd discs.)
One of the best movies ever. How can you not like Harry Potter?? It is one of the best movies out there. Based off the book, it does a pretty good job following the books storyline. If you haven't seen it, watch it now. So you can join the rest of the cultured population.
A thumping good movie, if I do say so myself. At first, I initially had my doubts and reservations about this film. Mostly because I didn't understand the hype or the craze that was Harry Potter, I thought it was just another stupid fad, like Pokemon or something. When I heard about the film, I almost went nuts, because I thought this was getting out of control. But then, I watched the interviews with the cast, and I thought to myself 'Hmmm, maybe I should give this film a chance, and check it out.' Being that I had never read the books, I went into this film completely fresh, without any expectations whatsoever. And boy I was NOT disappointed at all with this film. Everything about this film was great, the storyline, the acting, and the special fx. everything was just on point, this was a thoroughly enjoyable film. Daniel Radcliffe is the perfect Harry Potter, I couldn't possibly picture anyone else in that role. The DVD extras are wonderful, and I'm looking forward to the next film 'Chamber of Secrets'. This is definitely a film for the whole family.
Family Bonding My son is just now reading this series seventeen years laters and he's hooked! After every book we watch the movie. I am very familiar with the stories but never actually read the books or watched all the movies, so its been a family bonding experience.
UMD Review!!! Plus, where to find COS and POA on UMD for US Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is finally on UMD, and boy does it deliver. As a great starter in the series, it does have a few hits and misses in the VFX department, but it certainly set the style and mood for what was next to come. A great job with the adaptation, design and casting. AUDIO/VISUAL: Here, we are treated to a great transfer, preserved in it's 2:35 Aspect Ratio, with glorious picture, clear and sharp. The audio also is nice and clean, and ramps up when the action takes place. Overall, a very nice transfer for the fans. CHAMBER OF SECRETS/ PRISONER OF AZKABAN UMD's: Also, over here in Australia, we have released the entire series on UMD, inc 'Chamber of Secrets' and 'Prisoner of Azkaban'. The great thing is, they work on a Region 1 US PSP (my PSP is from USA). I bought them 2 days ago, and they work like a treat. So if you're like me, and want all of them instead of waiting, get em form Australia. -zallapo
A very faithful dramatization. Pretty close to the novel, very good representation of both the world and tale Rowling spun. I enjoyed it when it first came out, and my kids enjoyed it now after we've read four of the books. The only complaint they had really, was the lack of Peeves, but you can't have everything.
Magic Realized This movie was a nearly perfect adaptation of the book. Everything and everyone looked and sounded just right. The people who have problems with the book will have similar problems with the movie, so faithfulness was definitely the right choice. But some of the things that work well in print, i.e. Dumbledore's exposition, tend to drag on screen. Simply talking faster would have helped - even children can hear faster than people can talk. Daniel Radcliffe is a very talented young actor. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson still make some typical "child actor" mistakes, but they are relatively few, and hopefully the director won't include so many "gulps" from Ron in the next movies. And all the adults are perfectly cast, especially Alan Rickman as Snape. Jumping through hops to find the deleted scenes in the DVD was very annoying. The game itself might have been fun, but for an adult, being required to play was ludicrous.
It is a great movies. Forget When I was watch it movies ... This film is well worth a look. Today I watched Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone again.It is a great movies. Forget When I was watch it movies in the first time,maybe in junior high school.Im really like this book ,I liked everything if it about magic. This movies is good for family watching together.It is really fun movies and it told so many clues about the next movies,such as huge three-headed dog, Gringotts Wizarding Bank and Professor Quirrell. This all about a person Voldemort.At last,Voldemort left Quirrell to die and is likely to return by some other means.The Stone has now been destroyed.The school year ends at the final feast, during which Gryffindor wins the House Cup. Harry returns to the Dursleys' for the summer holiday but does not tell them that under-age wizards are forbidden to use magic outside of Hogwarts.Ron and Hermione will be make friend with harry.They will go adventure together. Evil will never overcome the victory. Movies has a very good ending raises department of the next performance.I can't stop imagine scene about harry when he returned his uncles home and use magic.
Good purchase. Excellent transaction. Excellent condition. Perfect all around. A great item at a fantastic price. Words cannot describe my experience on Amazon as of late. The item bought was in excellent condition and served its purpose well. Nothing can compare and have nothing ill to say of it, nor do I have anything else to mention that needs concern. Highly recommend for anyone who shops on the internet! Amazon is always the best!
Captures the excitement of childhood perfectly. Such a sweet and endearing movie about the excitement and curiosity of what it feel like to be a kid in school, and in a wizard's school no less! Pretty true to the book, with only minor deviations that have no influence on the plot line. Could have developed more scenes for the rooms after the trap door, but over all it was great.
Wonderful Fantasy Adventure Fro Children & Adults! Approaching this film as an entity separate and apart from its fabulous reputation as the first in a series of books that have broken all records for children's literature, one must still stand in awe at the finished work in terms of its storyline, special effects, and splendid performance by an ensemble cast that transforms the beautifully articulated words from the books' author to a literal vision capable of transporting the viewer into the magical world of Harry Potter. While I have read the books, I must admit to being less of a fan of them than many, for reasons I won't belabor here. Yet even I have to admit that this film constitutes a wonderful object lesson that the supernatural world of youthful magician's apprentices can in fact be faithfully and artfully depicted by a director who also happens to be singularly capable of envisioning the world of special effects and wonder described in the novels. This is great stuff! And as far as entertainment goes, this is an overwhelming success. From the depiction of Harry Potter himself and his own native sense of wonder and mischief, to the motley crew of sidekicks, assorted hangers-on, and fellow craftsmen to be, the movie works as a vehicle for exploring the alternative world of possibilities such activities portend. From beginning to end, this is a kind of busman's tour of the world of the Brother Grimm turned upside down, falling over into wild adventures and merry childlike fantasies. None of it is substantial, however, and while I can readily applaud the skill and craft that went into making such a faithful production of this first of many novels about Harry Potter, I would also like to mention that this is all really just frosting, none of it very educational or useful for anything other than entertainment. And while the reading of the books at least fosters an appreciation for the possibilities of stretching the imagination and reading skills of the reader, the film version does nothing but push forward a solipsistic view of the world as a dominion best left to wizards and hobgoblins to worry about. It is a sort of slap-happy fairy tale, but is one that is cleverly disguised as a youthful adventure. Enjoy it as entertainment. That's all it really is.
It's a lot of fun, pretty faithful to the novel (a little too ... It's a lot of fun, pretty faithful to the novel (a little too literal sometimes). When a book you like is made into a film, you just wish that it wouldn't suck, and this one, fortunately, doesn't. Actors are pretty good, too, again, a bit too literal, but very enjoyable. One small beef that I have is that it's a bit too much Home Alone, smells a bit too Hollywood than London.
Loved it! I didn't get to see the movie in the theater, so when I saw it on DVD (my husband pre-ordered it, thank Goodness!), I was happily surprised. I really wasn't expecting anything, I really don't when I see movie adaptations of books. And let me tell you, I love the books, I think they're truly wonderful. I am always disappointed when movies cut bits out of books, but I understand the necessity, so I'll skip over that particular criticism, and just say that the production team did a magnificent job bringing Harry Potter to the screen. Everything is as I imagined it, most of it even better. Quidditch finally realized is a true treat for the eyes! If you haven't seen this movie, and have a vivid imagination and can disengage your doubt and Twenty-first Century cynicism, you will truly enjoy this fantastical treat. Trust me, I'm always right.
JUST WILD ABOUT HARRY? Not being a Potterphile, and never having read the books, I approached the film version of this installment purely on its cinematic value. And the filmmakers have created a wonderfully imaginative vision of the world of magic and sorcery. Director Chris Columbus heads the technical crew with amazing special effects, wonderful costumes and scenery and a rousing score by the inimitable John Williams. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are a captivating trio of child actors, and the supporting cast is superb: Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane, the late Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Julie Walters, etc. While the movie is longish, over two and a half hours, you never lose your interest and it is overall a "classic" style of film that should appeal to even those of us who aren't on the Harry Potter bandwagon. As a movie, it's marvelous.
The Best Movie of 2001 Harry Potter is a great movie that the whole family can sit down and enjoy. And the Harry Potter series has a big future. This is the first one in the series that introduced the school of withcraft and wizardry that Harry Potter would be going to. It's called Hogwartz. It introduces many characters such as Harry himself, Ron Weasley who becomes Harry's friend, Hermione Granger who also becomes Harry's friend, Draco Malfoy who is Harry's enemy, Albus Dumbledore who is the headmaster of Hogwartz and many more. Get your kids, get this movie and watch it. Trust me your going to love it. It's great fun really. Then when your done this one go to the store and get Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and then see Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban in theatres. 10/10 Rated PG for Some Scary Moments and Mild Language.
A Pleasing First Entry It's one thing to make a movie based on a popular book, but it is another to deliver the same effects from the book onto the screen. I am referring to the believability of the Wizarding world, which is the very heart of this movie. It is what Rowling was going for in her first novel and was beautifully conceived by Columbus and his Visual Effects wizards. Even the cast was perfect, the trifecta playing Harry, Ron and Hermione was key through the whole movie. The movie virtually has no supporting cast because every actor on screen plays nicely into their roles. Especially the late Sir Richard Harris, Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith who play their roles with such fervor that no one else could do it better (As Gambon is learning now playing Dumbledore) Overall a fine movie with, given a few years, classic movie status.
Worth the rental Never was much of a Harry Potter fan finally watched it in December 2014, ok not one of my favorite movies but it was made for kids so i have to say it was a good story, good acting, filming and special effect were excellent so overall i decided 4 stars as it is worth the rental.
AWESOME...but Digital Copy MAJOR let down This Blu-ray is amazing...it has tons of special features the picture is of course spectacular and the packaging of the movie is great. Only major let down was the digital copy...I purchased my movie October 2011 brand new, but the digital copy expired December 2010...what is that about!!
"Philosopher's Stone" = win, in my book For starters, this box set has the proper title of "Philosopher's Stone", rather than the US title of 'Sorcerer's Stone' (I believe this is a Canadian release) and in the extended version of the film, via ADR or an alternate take, I don't really know, every time the Stone is talked about, it's called the Philosopher's Stone by whoever is speaking. In addition to the other features of this set, this is like the icing on the cake for a detail-obsessed HP nerd like me. Since everyone in the known universe has probably seen this movie, I won't go into the film all that much, beyond saying that the deleted scenes have been re-integrated into the movie much like the extended cuts of the LotR films, most of them to good effect; the scene with Neville leg-locked creates something of a redundancy with the kid's discovering Nicholas Flamel's identity on Dumbledore's Wizard Card and then again in the library, but it's forgivable. In any case, this is my preferred version of the film, and I think any true HP fan will agree.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone- A Clasic I recently saw this video, and imediatly loved it, I have read all four books, and am, anticipating the release of the fith book. I would recomend this particular movie to anyone, parents, children, grandparents, teachers, anyone who enjoys reading would love this movie, and I do believe that people who don't even enjoy reading would love this movie! I think it's the best thing i've seen in years! I must admit that I even went back and saw the movie once after already seeing it with a friend, who also had read the books, and enjoyed them too. You will fall in love with the charcters, while watching this film.Well, this is all I have to say for now, but I highly encourage you to go see this movie, or at least rent it, and i'm sure after doing that, you will want to buy it!
So much fun revisiting all the firsts - first time meeting the ... I watched this movie several years ago, then watched it again a couple weeks ago. It hasn't lost its charm. So much fun revisiting all the firsts - first time meeting the characters, first time in Diagon Alley, first time at Hogwarts!
Amazing. Amazing, just amazing. However if you are this far in the series you already know that. The books just keep getting better and better and if you listen to them you're in for a treat as the narrator is WONDERFUL. I am not sure how I understood the movies without reading the books first- the books fill in all the holes! MUST READ!
Very faithful to the book! I was very pleasantly surprised that the film followed the plot of the book very closely. There were a few deviations, to be sure, but overall -- a beautiful rendering of what I had only seen in my mind's eye until now. Yes. It is January 2013 and I am just now reading the Harry Potter books, and have never before seen the films, either. I don't want to see the film of a given book until I've finished the book. I'm reading "Chamber of Secrets" at the moment. The entire cast is extraordinary, and do a wonderful job. The kids (OK, fine, they aren't kids anymore, today) that played, well, the kids in the film, did such a good job it's a little scary. Yes, I highly recommend this... as if my recommendation actually counts at this late date :)
Both are excellent. We had a copy of "The Philosopher's Stone" and My wife wanted to get a copy of "The Sorcerer's Stone" to go with it and she loves it. Our guess is that "The Philosopher's Stone" is the British version. Both are excellent.
So you want to be a wizard? With this edition, you get an extended version of the film plus a S*** ton of special features not on the VHS or two disc editions and certainly not in the movie packs they've been pumping out. You get a book that is part of this Ultimate Edition's series that gives you pictures and info on either the films or behind the scenes. Very good to own for any die hard Potter fan (for the first and second movies are the closest to the cannon as we pretty much get until 7 and 8).
Good stuff - Grand Kids love it - as for ... Good stuff - Grand Kids love it - as for the supposed negative of this series being Anti - Christianity or Witchcraft oriented - Bull! Pure fantasy and frivolousness. If it's anti-Christ why is the celebration of Christmas portrayed so prominently? Good fun Fantasy as normal as Sword in the Stone or Mary Poppin. Religiosity and puritanical thought gives Christianity a bad wrap.
THANK GOODNESS! Boy, I thought this day would never come. I was hoping the DVD of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone would come soon and it did. I'm really glad I'm getting this DVD. I can't wait to see all the deleted scenes and interviews. I also want to go to scene selection and pick all my favorite scenes like Quidditch and the huge chess game. The special effects in this movie are wonderful and the script is superb. I recommend this movie to all families!
Excellent During a 6 week trip to England, we heard night after night, the Harry Potter stories with our granddaughter. We got to book 2, I think, and came home. The first 4 DVD's were the Christmas gift and she loves every moment of the films. As she gets older, she will read more of these books and we will continue to get more movies. This was a truly wonderful gift. Thanks to portable DVD players, travel is even easier.
Great British version of the first Harry Potter film Outside the US, the rest of the world knows the first Harry Potter book and film as "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone." This is the blue ray version of that first film. Actually the only differences in the US and British (Though this disc is probably the Canadian edition since it is region 1) versions is virtually wherever the characters say "sorcerer's stone" in the US version, they say "philosopher's stone" in the British version. Frankly I prefer the British version. This is a one disc blue ray product. The resolution is superb throughout the movie. This disc has the movie and the following special features: Additional Scenes; Capturing the Stone: Casting and Bringing the Novel to Life; Around the World Multilanguage Lips; Ghosts of Hogwarts; Yearbook Character Clips; Lesons in Qudditch and What It Takes To Hatch a Dragon Egg; Theatrical Trailers. I particularly enjoyed watching this high resolution blue ray disc looking for those items that will be in the Deathly Hallows: the put-outter; Griphook the Goblin; the vaults of Gringotts; the first time the various characters met; the interaction between Dudley and Harry; and, of course, Snap's interactions with Harry. I highly recommend this blue ray edition of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Potter Classic I purchased Harry Potter on my Kindle so that i could share it with my Twin girls. It was our new family holiday celebration. No black Friday mess, just hot coco and snuggling on the couch sharing a wonderful and magical movie with my girls. We enjoyed family time and created a memory that will last longer and be more meaningful than fighting for a bargain at some discount store full of greedy humans. Thank you amazon.
The extended scenes are a great addition to the movie The extended scenes are a great addition to the movie. The book will always be better, it's nice they included a bit more, especially the scene after the Troll in the Dungeons. "That's what friends are for!"
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone-Widescreen Edition This was the first installment of the Harry Potter series; it all depended on the actors and the filming. All in all, I think that they did an awesome job. From Harry's Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon all the way up to the scenery, they did a good job doing what the movie was made to do: Stay true to the book and provide a great movie. My only complaint was that Albus Dumbledore didn't have a great show of character. He played the role all right, yeah, but he didn't expand it to improve the role. Well, I guess you can't have everything you want in life but this about has it all: Two thumbs-up for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone!
Always a favorite This is my 2nd time owning the DVD - we've worn out the first one from multiple play/use. The story never gets old, and it's wonderful to share with others who are just discovering the world of Harry Potter
Good movie edition of the first Harry Potter book I liked this movie. It wasn't nearly as good as the book but, then again, they never are. I thought whoever directed this film did a very good job with picking the actors. Daniel Radcliff did well as Harry Potter. Rupert Grint was OK. He looked the part well enough but he's not the best. Emma Watson is a fantastic Hermione and played the part better then the picture in my head played it. Dumbledoor was the best Dumbledoor there could have been and the same with Snape. The story was cut short, but it always has to be. All in all, if you're a Harry Potter fan, you'll like this movie of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
A great visual aide. I caould watch this movie forever^.^ I watched it before reading the book & it helped me picture the characters & Hogwarts vividly as I read the book. Visual aide's not the only thing the movie does for the book. If you watch it before reading it, it makes the book funnier & more surprising. I did the exact opposite on the 2ed movie by reading the book first, but then after watching the movie I had to read the book again. The movies were very well made with great casting, great acting, great special effects, & great scenery. I couldn't enjoy Quidditch better any other way^.^
Great Movie I remember seeing this film when I was younger, the line went out the door, curling down the block and what-not. but when i saw it, it was everything i imagined it to be. seller was quick to get this package to me so all is good in that department. Disc was in GREAT condition. i would put a lot to Trust in your purchase decision when choosing amazon.
Uhm.. Duh How can you NOT think this movie is good? It's harry potter for goodness sake. Okay yes...i know...there are book purists out there that will argue that this movie (or any of the harry potter movies) are no where near the experience you get from the books. Yes. I agree...but that being said...its still an awesome start to a wonderful series. I recommend completely!
Great FollowUp to the Book My daughter has been reading the Harry Potter Series to my 5 year old grandson. They have almost completed the last published book in the series, and eagerly await the next book. It has been interesting to hear my grandson 'compare' the book to the movie. He has learned much about discrimination, differences, and choices from seeing the movie. He has been able to share with me how he had 'pictured' the characters and the situations, and how they were shown in the movie. I think this is an excellent 'followup' to having read the book. The minds of the artists who made this movie are very creative, innovative, and the new modern technology is superb. There are few movies that can include ALL the script from the book. Chris Columbus made excellent choices as to what would move the story along. Kudos to the cast, the staff, and all those who brought this movie to finality. A good rule of thumb...Always read!! Don't allow reading to become a lost art! After reading a book or story, then view the movie to see how the director interprets the book. It will teach you much about YOURself, and your own imagination!!
All of these films are storytelling masterpieces The Harry Potter series is always enjoyable, no matter how many times you see the films. There's always some new detail or clever set dressing that you never noticed before. The acting is wonderful, the sets are gorgeous, and there's a lot of foreshadowing in the earlier films that you don't realize until you watch them again. Always a pleasure, no matter how young or old you are.
It made me so interested that I went and Bought the Books I enjoyed this movie so much, that I went and bought all 4 Harry Potter Books. I cann't wait for book 5.
Love the movie Love this movie, I wasn't aware of how long we had it. I guess I should have read everything more clear before watching it because I started watching it and had to go to bed. The next time I went to watch the rest of it, it was gone.
You already know it's a great movie If you're an adult looking for another way to enjoy this movie, find and mp3 of Wizard People, Dear Reader, download it, and play it while watching this movie on mute. It is HILARIOUS. It's a full-length narration, similar to RiffTrax. You can find the mp3s online. It's got some adult language, but it totally extends the life of the movie. Yes, he does it in a weird voice. But it is so funny you'll get past the voice quickly and your face will HURT with laughter.
Great movie though flawedin areas The film was excellent though there were a few flaws mos of them dealing witht the special effects in the film (which I think were improved in the second film). The forbidden forest is totally bare and would never work for some of the things that are written in the books (especially in book five). Then although the other effects in the film get by they do not look very real, particularly in the troll and the quiditch sequences. Other than that: excellent book and excellent film! (You may want to see my review for the second film. It's a quite a bit more critical.)
Good Books, Good Movies The whole series is great. What can be said about Harry Potter that hasn't been said in a thousand different ways? Only that if you haven't seen these movies, I would highly recommend that you do.
These series are great for children and adults that haven't lost their inner ... These series are great for children and adults that haven't lost their inner child. I watched with my two grand daughters and thoroughly enjoyed the show. Great acting and really fun cinematography.
A new classic for a new generation My 11-year old daughter and I have been reading the series of Harry Potter books and we saw "...the Sorcerer's Stone" in the theater. We both loved it! We couldn't stop talking about it long after the movie was over. And, of course, once the DVD came out, we had to have it! It is, in my opinion, one of the very few movies that is true to it's book. The cast, the movie direction, it's look and feel were all right on... just as I imagined it while reading the book. Truly magic! An excellent, imaginative movie for both kids and adults.
I'm just WILD about Harry! During an extended illness, a friend recommended the first Harry Potter book. Reluctantly, I read it and then fell in love with the characters and could not wait to read each volume. The first movie, in my opinion, stuck so true to the book and I still enjoy watching it over and over. Even as an adult, I love Harry!
... saw it in theaters and was just filled with joy and nostalgia I'm reading the books to my 7 year old and saw this movie for the first time since I saw it in theaters and was just filled with joy and nostalgia. My 7 year old LOVED it and it's set him off on a Harry Potter mania that I may not be able to survive by the TL;DR version of this is that this movie truly is a modern classic and just a wonderful experience.
Magical and enchanting just like the books! "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first installment to the Harry Potter film series, based on the wonderful novels by J.K. Rowling. In "Sorcerer's Stone", we get introduced to Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), a young British boy of eleven who lives with his mean Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and spoiled cousin Dudley. The Dursleys try to be a perfectly normal family--they despise everything that seems out of the ordinary--but they also have a secret which Harry will soon learn. Harry is actually a wizard! He's just been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and this is where the adventure begins. Harry learns the truth about his past from the friendly Hogwarts Games Keeper named Hagrid, and during his first year at the magical school, Harry makes friends, arch rivals, and even mortal enemies as he starts his training in the magical arts. For anyone who loves the books, you must see this film. The acting is outstanding by the entire cast...most of the actors fit right into their roles. The special effects are superb and engaging. The storyline follows the first book pretty well, though they had to take out some of the book. The film is just about how I imagined it would be as I read the book. Daniel Radcliffe is the perfect Harry Potter! The DVD is OK with seven deleted scenes, a self-guided tour of Hogwarts, interviews with the filmmakers, behind-the-scenes look at the making of "Sorcerer's Stone", DVD-ROM extras, and more. The bad thing about the DVD extras is that, to get to the deleted scenes, you have to play a game every time and it gets a little annoying after a while. All in all, amazing film and I can't wait for the next one. I highly recommend "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". Score: 100/100 A+
Great DVD the interface isn't the best There is no need is describing what a wonderful movie this is. The DVD quality is excellent, but the interface for the special features is difficult at best. They advertise never before scenes on TV, but it must take a wave of the Nimbus 2000 to find just those scenes on the DVD. It took my family 2 nights to try to find these before we gave up. Very frustrating. Excellent movie though :) My feelings are this, this is a children's related movie, but it takes magic to work your way around the DVD.
I am very satisfied with the extended version I have this movie on DVD that is not the extended version. Having seen the movie many times on television, I knew about the parts that were cut. I wish they would have left them. Having read the book, those parts are important to the story in my opinion. I am very satisfied with the extended version.
if you haven't seen these movies yet, IT'S TIME! LOVE the Harry Potter series. Never thought I'd say that, being the Christian girl who wrote a scathing paper on the evils of Harry Potter, promoting the occult to youth and blah, blah, blah. I read over that paper I ACTUALLY SUBMITTED TO A COLLEGE PROFESSOR and wanted to go back in time and slap that girl into reality. A Potterhead friend practically begged me to give the series a chance, and it is easily my favorite book series, next to Chronicles of Narnia. I am awaiting the day my 19 month old son is ready for me to read chapter books with him; because this will be our first! The tale woven throughout each of the seven books (eight movies) is one of true, genuine, sacrifical, loving friendship, not only standing up but also FIGHTING for what you believe in (especially when that belief is on the side of good), wins and losses and giving everything you have because it's the right thing to do. I just cannot praise these books enough. If you're on the fence about whether or not you'd want to bother with a "young adult/kid" series... just stop. Crack open a used (but very loved) copy of Sorcerer's Stone and GET. SWEPT. UP. in one of the greatest stories of bravery and perseverance and love and --geez, I should stop-- LIFE ever told. Or watch the first movie. And then the second... and all the rest. You'll be so angry you never received a letter from Hogwarts on your 11th birthday, JUST LIKE THE REST OF US!
Excellent Even as a grandmother, I love the Harry Potter series - books and movies. I'm not a rabid Hogwarts be-ribboned fan, I am just the average person - so you're not going to get an in-depth analysis from my review. What I can say is that the Harry Potter books and movies are entertaining & delightful to watch for all ages.
Beautiful packaging, great addition to my Harry Potter collection Since my original version of this movie was on it's last legs I decided to upgrade to the Ultimate Edition, and I'm glad I did. I now have a brand new copy of the original movie, and the extended version has a lot more new footage than I expected, it didn't change the movie, but if you haven;'t read the books it brings a few more things to light. I'm very happy with my purchase, and I'm glad I waited and didn't buy at the original price of $40.00 + for this set. It's nice but it's not worth that much.
Potter. There IS no substitute. It's Potter!! It's the start of a great journey of seven amazing books (eight movies, though) written by one of the most gifted storytellers ever! Suitable for audiences as young as 8, with adult accompaniment, but getting them started on enjoying the ride of seven years at Hogwarts!
Watch the UK production! This American production makes the film fall flat on its face! Far too much dumbing down and editing out of important and interesting chunks of the plot all the way through. If you want to watch a really magical version of this movie, watch the UK version, "The Philosopher's Stone". Let's at least get the Title right!
Cute but that only goes so far... The first one was cute, even for adults, but you could tell the kids were getting older as the filming progressed. By the third film, the kids were really no longer kids and the cuteness wears thin. Only true HP devotees will be sticking around for later sequels.
This was a movie marathon choice! Our 10 year old grandson was visiting through the new year and wanted to do a movie marathon. We had never seen the Harry Potter movies before, so we got them all lined up. This was a good choice: it kept his attention, and there was plenty of action/suspense. Even as adults, we were hanging in there! There were good lessons to be learned from the movie about truthfulness, the value of each individual and right from wrong. We've headed well into the series.
Streaming this movie in HD Streaming this movie in HD was a bit of a challange. It kept stopping and reloading. May have been a problem with our Internet connection but we usually have no trouble. I wonder if Amazon's web streaming was a bit overloaded. Otherwise, we love the Harry Potter movies and enjoyed watching these kids grow up as they made each movie.
Amazon Instant Video Purchase Used a 24 hour rental by using the Amazon Instant Video Wii app. No issues with play or image. Great rental! So many people have posted here about the actual movie that I feel no reason to do so. I am a huge fan and love all the movies.
Very Faithful Adaption of the book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is very faithful to the book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It has terific acting,great direction,and a very good story.The only reason I didn't give it five stars was that the visuals were not that great and I like the darker scope of the second better.Despite its flaws(of which there are few),It is a very faithful adaption.Potter fans should be pleased!!!!!!!!!!
HOURS OF INTELLECTUAL BRAIN TEASING MY SON LOVES HARRY POTTER. THESE MOVIES ARE UNLIKE ANY OTHERS. THIS IS HOURS OF THOUGHT PROVOKING, INTELLECTUAL FUN FOR KIDS, I HEAR ADULTS TOO. MY SON HAS THE ENTIRE COLLECTION THAT I SPENT MONTHS BUYING OFF OF AMAZON. IT WAS WORTH IT. MOST OF THE TIME I DEALT WITH THE SAME COMPANIES. DVD'S ARRIVED AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. BRAND NEW PACKAGING, PLAYED EXCELLENTLY.
Why must we play a goofy game? Generally when companies advertise deleted scenes on DVD, it means the owner can access them at will. This is not the case with Harry Potter. The deleted scenes were one of the reasons I purchased this two DVD set. However, I discovered much to my chagrin that I have to play a video game to see them. Although the Warner Brothers website shows the steps to access the deleted scenes, it is nevertheless a tremendous nuisance. I have never seen these scenes. I really have no time for 18-step games. I sent an e-mail to Warner Brothers asking them to send me a "disk-2" with no goofy access procedures. I doubt if they will, but it is fair request. Disk-1 was okay.
Bought this for my son's collection This was the only Harry Potter movie that we didn't own. Imagine that, the first one, and we didn't have it. Well, after getting it, we went full marathon. This one's been watched at least a dozen times in the past month. Good quality disc and case. Worth the $5 I spent on it. Great buy!
Harry Potter scored with me! I am a HUGE fan of the Harry Potter books. I was a little worried about seeing the movie. Like some movies, I was worried that it would not portray the book as best as it could. I figured I would be bored knowing what was going to happen, and that I would tell the others what was coming next. But... I was wrong. This movie made me love the book and Harry Potter himself even more!!
It's a FANTASTIC movie!! I'm probably the last person to buy a copy of this Harry Potter number 1. I saw it on television the other day and it reminded me how wonderful it was. The following Harry Potters got so sophisticated in technology and fast paced, that I had a hard time keeping up - they were more "work" for me to watch and concentrate. But I LOVE the fantasy of this first release and will NEVER tire watching it I'm positive.
Family favorite This is one of our favorite movies. We went to watch it with our kids and found that our VCR copy was broken, so we decided to order it as instant video. The quality was good, and you are allowed 2 days to watch it before it expires. We enjoyed it again. It is so fun to see the actors when they were little kids in this first movie!
Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone I bought this movie because i love the movies and The books It's a great movie I have all of the Movies on Blue Ray I'm slowly changing my Dvd's over to Blue Ray and I'm glad I did it's better in Blue Ray
Brilliant As book to movie adaptions go this one of the best made. A brilliantly made movie that brings the young harry potter to Hogwarts for the first time. Harry find for the first time friends among wizards and witches, who they all know the name and legend of Harry potter, the boy who lived. A excellent family film that everyone will enjoy to watch with their kids.
Favorite Movie The Harry Potter serious are some of my favorite movies. I own them all on DVD and still decided to purchase them from Amazon so I could have access to them on my ipad, Roku and computers. Amazon movies and television are a great option because you can download them for use without high speed internet or steam them without downloading. Whatever your needs are at the time.
The Ultimate Movie Review! - [...] - @tss5078 I've never been the kind of person that buys into hype and to be honest, I hate most big budget films, So until this weekend, I've avoided everything Harry Potter. That being said, I have never met anyone who had anything bad to say about the Potter films, so I finally decided to give it a shot, and boy was I surprised! For those select few who don't know the story, Harry Potter is the son of two legendary wizards, who was hidden with distant relatives, in order to protect him. Until his eleventh birthday, he had no idea that he was famous or had the potential to be the most power wizard the world has ever known. Potter is invited to join the Hogwarts school of wizardry and that is when the adventure begins. British Actor, Daniel Radcliffe, plays Potter and is nothing short of spectacular. Before the Potter films, Radcliffe had very limited acting experience and many say, he got the part, because of his resemblance to Harry Potter on the cover of the book. That may be how he got the part, but he defiantly shows he has the talent to go along with the right look. His performance was terrific, but there is something to be said about having the right Director, and Christopher Columbus was the perfect choice. Columbus has a ton of experience working with young newcomers in films with high expectations. Overall, the story is extremely well written, the young cast was refreshing and full of energy, the direction was stellar, and the set, costumes, and effects were some of the best I've ever seen. I'm not going to go run out and join a quitage team, but I am going to see the rest of the series. Harry Potter is a huge budget franchise, but for once, a blockbuster film does live up to the hype, and earns the title of a must see movie!
Great movie but not the greatest The movie was suprisingly faithful to the book which was good. The only difference from the movie and the book is that the movie had only the main events and took out the good details out of the book. and overall, it was good but, the acting could have been improved. The special effects were really realistic too...it was like magic coming to life.
Good family movie I am 35 and enjoy the writing style of JK Rowling, even though the books are meant for a younger generation. The movie seems to follow the book as close as can be expected, and the acting is B+. My son is 4 and I allow him to watch this one, though I cover his eyes from time to time. It's a good children's and / or family movie.
Dare I Say I Thought the Movie Was Better! I adore "Harry Potter", the book. But, with a capital B-U-T, The movie was absolutely awesome. It stuck very close to the original story line, only deleting a few scenes that had no effect on the movie. I was in awe of the visual effects. I haven't seen anything so alive , real, and "wild" since "Labyrinth" or "The Adventures of Baron Munchaussen". The characters, some you would not believe COULD be brought to the screen are, with absolute perfection. Not a single drop of their quirks and funny dialect lost. I mean, I never expected Hagrid, the sorting hat, or the Quidditch game to be as visual as they were in the book. I was dead wrong. My husband would look over at me in the theater (which at 2pm, was filled with adults trying to see the movie without the kids) and would tell me to close my mouth. Apparently I had my mouth hanging wide open through the whole movie. I have a countdown calender in my house for the movie's release. I have no children. This movie only requires a love for the unbelievable.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Full Screen Edition) (Harry Potter. I have purchased the entire collection of Harry Potter. All actors and actresses are top notch. My only upset, when Dumbledore was later replaced by a new actor. I am loyal. This change upset me. I do not know why the change in actor was necessary and I did accept the new actor who was exceptional in every form of his work, however, I personally feel directors should maintain consistency amoung the character stream so prevent viewer memory as this one. This is my only complaint. The change in actor of Dumbledore, even though both actors were exceptional. I simply appreciate consistency when in today's time, there is so little of it.
He is So Cute! I love this movie! After I read the books I thought Wow, J.K. Rowling really gets you hooked on those books. I thought that this movie beats all movies, and they found a wonderful Harry Well anyway this movie is great. I reaLLY LOVE IT. ...The point is that this movie is just as magical as the books. P.S ...
A wonderful movie adaptation of the beloved book A wonderful movie adaptation of the beloved book. I had been eagerly awaiting the time when my grandson was old enough so we could watch this together. That time just occurred and has given us so much to talk about. We are awaiting the next movie viewing.
Harry Potter #1 I purchased this item as I have recently purchased a Blu-ray player and wanted to see if the Blu-ray version would be noticeably different than the standard DVD version (which I already owned). The quality of the sound and picture on the Blu-ray was above and beyond the DVD version. The Harry Potter films are definitely worth purchasing on Blu-ray to better appreciate them. I don't automatically purchase movies on Blu-ray, but the elements of the Harry Potter films really stand out on the Blu-ray versions. I would recommend anyone who hasn't purchased the Harry Potter films on Blu-ray (even if you already own the DVD versions) to pick them up. You won't be sorry.
The extended version you've seen on TV I already owned the entire series on DVD, but I preferred the extended versions that were often played on TV. As I attempted to purchase the extended versions, I found that product descriptions did not make it clear if I would be getting the extended version, or just another copy of the DVDs I already owned. I am happy to report that this contains the additional footage I wanted.
A Place of Validation Under Chris Columbus' masterful direction, with an appropriate score by John Williams--the theme song being a creeping waltz that has that "once upon a time in a haunted castle" expression about it, the inaugural film of J.K. Rowling's beloved young wizard--vividly brought to life by the perfectly cast 11-year-old Daniel Radcliffe--takes flight. I fondly recall the initial photo of the trio of the film's young leads when they were first introduced to the world, and how everyone cooed over them. They did not fail to live up to expectations, and in fact surpassed them! The story begins one evening in the fictional English neighborhood of Little Whinging in the town of Surrey, where a wizened old wizard named Albus Dumbledore(the incomparable Richard Harris, fulfilling his granddaughter's wish that he play the role)uses a magical device called a deluminator to draw light from the area's streetlamps as he waits with anticipation an arrival of great significance. He pauses to acknowledge the presence of another professor of their school--the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry--named Minerva McGonagall (the equally incomparable Dame Maggie Smith)who transfigures from cat to human, and consults Dumbledore about a recent tragic event. Coming forth from catastrophy, bundled in the flying motorcycle of a half-giant named Rubeus Hagrid(Robbie Coltrane)is a sleeping one-year-old infant with a jagged scar on his forehead, whom the three deposit on a residential doorstep despite McGonagall's misgivings. Ten years later, we find the young Harry Potter, an orphaned ward of his abusive and neglectful Aunt Petunia(Fiona Shaw), and Uncle Vernon Dursley( Richard Griffiths), and their spoiled, ill-bred son Dudley(Harry Melling)on Dudley's birthday. Relegated to a room in a cupboard under the stairs of his guardians' home on Privet Drive, as well as to cast-off and ill-fitting clothing, Harry is the servant of the family who prepares and serves the meals while Dudley has no responsibilities, all the priviledges, and mistreats his cousin, who has remained sweet, self effacing,polite, and unbroken, just as his parents do. But this boy's version of a Cinderella story begins to take an unusual turn when the family visit the zoo on Dudley's birthday, and Harry personally empathizes with the confinement of the zoo's boa constrictor, beginning to chat with the snake, who understands him, and mysteriously escapes from his glass enclosure, while, to Harry's amusement, Dudley ends up trapped in the enclosure.It is one of many moments when the crinkled bright-eyed beam of the tremulous and beautiful youngster lights up the screen. Shoved back into the cupboard as punishment for Dudley's humiliation after coming home, Harry is soon deprived even of a mysterious piece of mail that arrives for him, when his uncle cruelly burns it in front of him.But even on Sunday, the letters keep coming as mysterious owls congregate on the Dursley's front lawn. Letters for Harry flood the house, and the Dursleys vainly attempt to evade them by fleeing to an island lighthouse. But Harry's call of destiny will not go unanswered.Hagrid confronts the Dursleys there on Harry's eleventh birthday, and the boy learns the truth about his background as a wizard, as well as the reasons why his aunt, who was jealous of her dead sister, could never love him.Gradually he learns the truth of his parents' death as well. For commandeering the birthday cake Hagrid brought for Harry, Hagrid gives Dudley a pig's tail. The journey towards a new life begins under Hagrid's supervision.Harry leaves with the formidable stranger who delivered him to the Dursleys as an infant, and the two travel to Diagon Alley, where they shop for Harry's school supplies, unlike any in the Muggle world. The go to Gringott's Bank where Harry learns of the vast wealth his parents left him.In a pub, Hagrid introduces the boy to many who know him and are glad to meet him, including the turbaned Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor Quirrel(Ian Hart), who will prove to be two-faced in more ways than one. After Mr. Ollivander( John Hurt) sells Harry a wand, Hagrid reveals why Harry is famous, and the details of his parents' deaths at the hands of the evil Lord Voldemort, whose name wizards avoid speaking. Soon Hagrid leaves Harry, his luggage, including his new pet owl, Hedwig, at the King's Cross Train Station, emphasizing the importance of sticking to his ticket.Unable to get Muggle assistance in finding Platform 9 3/4, a chance encounter with a family of redheads, namely the Weasleys, helps him transport through the barrier.Molly Weasley(Julie Walters) tells Harry her son Ron( 12-year old Rupert Grint),is a first-year student as well.Soon Harry celebrates his new life by entertaining his new friend, buying all the magical candy on the cart offered to them, which is enjoyed by Ron's rat Scabbers as well.An imperious young girl, assisting in the search for a missing frog comes by.She is the Muggle-born intellectual, Hermione Granger(10-year-old Emma Watson with a face full of baby fat),who critiques Ron's unsuccessful attempt at casting a spell, but is more impressed by Harry. Clad in robes and uniforms, the first-year students disembark, and are guided to the boats by Hagrid, which sail magically to the castle that is Hogwarts. Professor McGonagall leads the newcomers to the great hall. As they wait to enter, Draco Malfoy(Tom Felton), introduces himself to Harry, but fails to secure his friendship due to his slighting of Ron.The other fateful decison Harry faces is which of the four houses in which to be sorted: Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Learning that Voldemort was a Slytherin alumnus, and seeing Malfoy sorted in to that house, Harry successfully pleads with the Sorting Hat(Leslie Phillips) to placed anyhwhere but Slytherin, and he joins Hermione and the Weasleys in Gryffindor, where his parents were also placed. After dinner(during which John Cleese cameos as Gryffindor House Ghost, Nearly Headless Nick), the students are led amid paintings with moving figures, and changing staircases to their respective houses.While his roomates sleep, including Seamus Finnegan(Devon Murray), Neville Longbottom(Matthew Lewis, who found his missing frog, Trevor), as well as Ron, Harry contemplates his new life, the suddenness of change, and of experiencing more wonders in a day than a boy's imagination can hold. Together, he and Ron face a reprimand for being late to McGonagall's class and witness her tranfiguration in the process,they take flying lessons from Madame Hooch(Zoe Wanamaker), resulting in Harry's being placed on the Quidditch team as his father once was for an unexpected display of skill, and along with Hermione, have that now iconic moment of encountering a three-headed dog named Fluffy. Perturbed by Hermione's besting everyone in Flitwick's(Warwick Davis) Levitation class, Ron expresses his annoyance with Hermione. But when the three take on a mountain troll in the girl's bathroom in one hilarious scene, the friendship is permanently sealed. We will watch Harry develop as a wizard with the help of his knowledgable young friends, finding encouragement from other mentors including Quidditch captain, Oliver Ward (Sean Biggerstaff), under whose guidance he triumphs in his first match. The three wizard detectives will see Harry saved from Voldemort by the Centaur, Firenze(Ray Fearon) in the Forbidden Forest, and gain clues about the Sorcerer's stone, which they discover Fluffy to be guarding, its maker, the actual historical figure Nicholas Flamel, and what the mysterious Professor Severus Snape(Alan Rickman) is trying to do with it.Intellect counts greatly with these three, and it is moving to see the once neglected orphan find joy in the recipience of a Christmas present, albeit the unusual Invisibility Cloak, and to be in a place where he is better clad in beautifully vibrant and complimentary monochromatic knits, better fed, and cared for than he has been in ten years.An encounter with the Mirror of Eiresed gives him a chance to confront his longing for his dead parents. In addition to capturing the vibrant colors for which frequently rain soaked Britain is known,Director of Photography John Seal sharply flatters his beautiful young subjects, notably in one scene where the warmly clad hero walks across a snowy courtyard with his feathery friend and lets her fly into spring. In due time, Hagrid unintentionally drops enough clues about the Sorcerer's Stone, and how to get past Fluffy.The three are very much up to the challenge of preventing the stone's theft, although they have to get past Neville to do so.Using previously, as well as newly acquired skills, they work their way down until it is Harry who confronts the villian , and is made aware of the influence of Voldemort in a dangerous and dramatic encounter, after which Dumbledore explains to the boy how his mother's sacrificial love for him continues to protect him.Harry will now probably better endure his homelife because from here on in, he will spend most of his life in a place where although quite perilous,he is loved, admired,and validated. Despite some inconsistancies with the book,great justice has been done to Rowling's modern epic tale that will have everyone cheering for the young musketeers with wands, the triumph of courage and virtue, and for the scarlet and the gold for generations to come!
Harry Potter is brilliant! After the first viewing of Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone, i was simply amazed. The movie is absolutely phenomonal and viewers of any age should enjoy it. You'll fall in love with the kids, teachers, and even monsters of Hogwarts as you find yourself wanting more than the already long 3 hour fun.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone It's a very rare person who hasn't watched a Harry Potter movie or read one of the books (admittedly I know a few of the poor souls who haven't). And for good reason, the books especially are excellent, and the movies not bad adaptations at all. Of course I always recommend reading something before watching it, but if the very least you're going to do is watch it, then at least that's something. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone is the first movie in a series of eight. Obviously you want to watch them in order. This particular one follows the first book through its entirety. So you watch as Harry becomes a wizard and joins Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. But there is a terrible foe out there, one who tried to kill him as a baby. Voldemort, this evil wizard, may be back again, and there's something very powerful that he's after. Characters: Daniel Radcliffe- Harry Potter Rupert Grint- Ron Weasley Emma Watson - Hermione Granger Robbie Coltrane - Hagrid Richard Harris - Albus Dumbledore Alan Rickman - Severus Snape Maggie Smith - Minerva McGonagall I really don't think the movie could have been cast any better. Everyone was exactly how I would have envisioned them, or at least close enough that they are what I picture now when I read the books. Daniel Radcliffe as Harry does an excellent job. He has the right amount of surprise at magic and an innocence that goes along with not knowing how important he really is. Ruper Grint as Ron Weasley is funny, and I like how they have a ready quip for him at all times. Emma Watson, what can I say, she's Hermione through and through and has that right touch of haughtiness. Of course all the others are excellent, although sometimes I can't quite figure out if Dumbledore acts as he should. And Professor Quirrell was kind of a surprise as well too. The movie follows the book reasonably well. It's understood that you're going to be disappointed by some things when you watch, that's just the nature of trying to squeeze the detail of a book into the movies. But they did ok and I was happy enough with the efforts, although there were some scenes I would have liked to see included (like the dragon scene expanded as it is in the book). Since this movie is for kids the violence is toned down a little bit. But there is some there and I could see some elements that may be frightening for younger children. The special effects were brilliant. They really brought the world to life the best they could with the technology and the care taken is shown. Even the Chocolate Frogs were amusing and I especially like how they pulled off the wizard pictures. It made it almost as if you were reading it and picturing all these things in your head. I would have liked to see more magic done, but I guess they had to put plot in in addition to all the shiny special effects. Music, what can I say. I read somewhere once that they get goose bumps when they hear the opening music to Harry Potter. And I quite agree. When you hear that music there's just a moment of anticipation, like you know something wonderful is about to happen. And the rest of the score is just as good and just as magical as you would hope it to be. And it does help that it is instrumental without the singing to distract you during the movie. A great show and one that I don't mind watching over and over. Although invariably it always results in a several day long Harry Potter movie marathon. But we all have our vices. Review by M. Reynard 2012
Loving HP I own all the DVDs but I finally broke down and started buying digital copies of all my movies. I could watch the series a million time. Its available in my library and I can watch it on the go or at home.
A 12-year-old's review I first saw this film when I was but 7 years old. Since then, I have watched the film many times, particularly during the last few years. Now I am 12, and still love it. I would rate this film 5 out of 5 stars. Since I (and know many people who agree with me) find there's nothing more irritating than a review that says, "I love this item!" without saying why, I'll try to explain why I would rate Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 5 stars. One reason (and a strong one, in my opinion) is the acting. I think they chose the perfect actors for the roles. For instance, Harry on screen looks exactly like I thought he would in the book. He also sounds like him exactly and says lines that are word for word from the book. I just think he's extremely ... Harry like. Hermione is first shown as a bossy know-it-all. Everyone I've met who's seen the film agrees that it's exactly like the book counterpart, but through perfect acting that doesn't grow stiff, we're shown that Hermione has a kinder, less bossy side to her. Ron and the whole Weasley family just "seem" like the Weasleys, for the same reasons I gave for Hermione and Harry. I don't know anyone who disagrees when I say that Snape was flawlessly cast and acted. The same is true for everyone else in the film. It all just feels very Harry Potter like. Another reason was that the film was extremely faithful to the book. It didn't try to improve on the book or have a completely different feel to it, therefore making it a much better film for that. It treated the book with respect. Another reason I can think of that this film merits 5 stars is that the film never drags. There is not a single moment that is too long in the film, in my opinion. For instance, how many people would guess that the Quidditch match in the middle of the film was 8 minutes long? Also, the whole 40 minutes until Harry gets to Hogwarts are fast but don't leave out anything. Once Harry's at Hogwarts, we spend our time taking in all the events that happen, making it seem like 10 minutes long instead of 150 minutes. Finally, the visuals are stunning. The castle looked exactly like Hogwarts was described in the book. The Forbidden Forest was menacing. The Hogwarts Express looked like a very comfortable train to be in. The ending is stupendous, as well, and very satisfying. Who doesn't cheer when Dumbledore awards the points taken away from Harry, Ron, and Hermione and even gives some to Neville. Those are some of the reasons why I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone earns its 5-star rating from me.
LOVED IT! Kids, Adults, everyone everywhere! Harry Potter was an amazing movie! The Book was absolutely amazing, and the movie was a brilliant adaption!It is about an orphan named Harry Potter, who unknowingly ruined a horrible and powerful wizard named Voldemort as a baby. He was celebrated and known all over the wizarding world! Harry's only living relatives were his aunt and uncle who were muggles (non-wizrds) and Harry is forced to live with them, though they hate him for being a wizard. Harry knows nothing of being a wizard until a messanger from the wizarding world shows up at Harry's doorstep and tells him he was accpeted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He is faced with problems when he comes to Hogwarts. Harry and his two best friends, Ron Weasly and Hermione Granger find out that a teacher is trying to steal something that may bring Voldemort back to life! It is up to them to find out who, when no teacher or the head of The Gryffindors (a class)believes them, and the only person who would listen is the man who isn't there: the Headmaster Dumbledore. Daniel Radcliffe (Harry) plays his part quite well, and has brang an image of Harry Potter to life. The roles of Hermione (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grint) were so fantastically played! I felt as if I personally knew them by the end of the movie! They were convincing and displayed their roles with enthusiasm. Maggie Smith played the head of the Gryffindor house, and Alan Rickman who played Head of the Slytherin house, were great! They are amazing actors in an amazing movie! The movie would not be the same without their performance! Richard Harris, played Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts. He was perfectly suited for the role! After reading all the books, i had a clear image of what Dumbledore would look like, and Richard Harris could have convinced me he was the real Dumbledore! Unfortunately, he passed away during the summer and the third film forwards will be played by a different actor, but Richard Harris will live on in our hearts.
HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE I actually read the book before I saw the movie, something that's usually the other way around for me! And I can say it really follows the book pretty well. I love the books, they're pure magic. They stir up excitement in my inner child- something that really takes something special to do. And the film is wonderful-- It's exellently cast, just as I imagined the characters, and better! The cinematography is lush, the special effects are exciting, the script is fantastic and funny. And the sets are amazing. The young actors are really good- very believable and so cute. I really enjoyed their preformances, especially Daniel Radcliffe. Emma Watson was great as the perfectionist (slightly know-it-all) Hermione, Tom Felton is really funny as Draco Malfoy, the snob(with greased back hair) who's attracted to the dark arts. And Rupert Grint as Ron is the best support, he's wonderful. :-) But all the children are great. I also enjoyed Alan Rickman (as the mysterious Snape) Maggie Smith (who always delivers a wonderful preformance!) Robbie Coltrane (who is marvelous & hilarious as Hagrid) and Ian Hart. I'm also glad the cast were British. Since the story takes place there, to hear the real accents, rather than bad fakes, was (maybe trivial) but a nice touch anyway. And I adore the story. The people who protest these books, are out of their skulls! Harry Potter is about how good triumphs over evil and how love is the most powerful magic. The story (and the movie) moves all emotions--- It'll make you laugh and it'll make you cry, both from sadness and happiness. I can't believe this movie only made a four star rating. Who'd actually vote for less? it's a fantastically made film. And this first one is and will always be my favorite. A film I can watch again and again. The soundtrack is also very beautiful and magical on it's own. Long live Harry Potter!
Oh, Come on Harry Making the movie version of a famous novel is always tricky business. How do you take something that takes hours to read and reduce it to 2-3 hours of screen time? Most resort to eliminating subplots, or changing plotlines altogether. These aren't necessarily bad things, either. For example, the Two Towers diverges drastically from the Lord of the Rings, but tells a great story, nonetheless, that fans of the series are still satisified with in the cinema (for the most part). Harry Potter's first film is probably the best adaptation I've ever seen. Nearly everything is true to the book, even though some endearing plotlines have been written out. However, when you've got an audience of kids who are probably seeing their first film from a novel, there's bound to be some disappointment. This is a movie that gets a lot right, though. First off, the sets are what they should be. Hogwarts comes off as a place where aspiring witches and wizards could practice their arts without distraction (well, at least no distraction from muggles). Likewise the dialogue is crisp and advances the story at a good pace (especially for such a long movie). Plus, most of the characters are perfectly cast. Dumbledore (the late Richard Harris), Snape, McGonagall, Ron, Hermoine are all EXACTLY right. The characterizations are so well formed and believable, readers of the books are sure to be pleased. My only gripe is with Harry. Daniel Radcliffe certainly looks the part, but gives a very tentative portrayal of the most famous student at Hogwart's. I know, I know, Harry's supposed to be weak in the beginning, but sometimes it just seems that Radcliffe has forgotten his lines. To his credit, he's much better in the second movie, but the first still leaves a lesser impression. Still, this is a movie definitely worth watching. Let's face it, with the box office it did (and the video sales), you've probably already seen it and are either agreeing or wildly disagreeing with what I've said. Either way, this is a worthy accompaniment to the novels, and a welcomed addition to children's cinema.
The Newest Halloween Classic! If you've ever seen and loved the classic Halloween special "The Worst Witch," starring a young miss Fairuza Balk, Harry Potter should strike a familiar chord with you. Though I have yet to read the Harry Potter books, it's my love for fantasies like "The Wizard of Oz" and Halloween specials like "The Worst Witch" that drew me to this film, and I'm so glad! Harry Potter is the fantastic and fun-filled story of a young boy whose miserable life as an orphan living with cruel relatives is suddenly changed when he finds out he is destined to be the greatest Wizard that ever was! Living in a crawl space under his Aunt and Uncle's staircase in 20th century London, Harry has no idea that his parents were a famous Wizard and Witch, murdered by an evil Wizard when he was just a baby. But one day a mysterious letter comes for Harry, informing him that he is soon to be a student at Hogwart's School of Magic. His aunt and uncle do their best to keep him away, but goodness wins out when the towering, bearded, kindhearted and commanding Hagrid comes to the Human world to save the boy from his coldhearted keepers. Suddenly, Harry finds himself being introduced to a whole new world of magic! Hagrid takes the boy to Diagon Alley, a magical marketplace, to purchase a wand and other school supplies, then on to the train station, to board the Express to Hogwart's School. On the way to his new life, Harry meets up with his two soon-to-be best friends, the friendly and true, if a bit awkward, Ron Weasley, and the cute and clever bookworm Hermione Granger (who steals the movie, thanks to the adorable Emma Watson's performance). From that first view of Diagon Alley onward, Harry takes in one jaw-dropping experience after another. But the greatest sights come when Harry gets off the train and enters the world of Hogwart's School of magic. Boats must be taken to reach the school grounds, and the view is stunning. The school itself is a sight to behold, right out of a fairytale. Within, we find several other children waiting to be sorted into their teams and dorms, from the sneaky Slitherins to the noble Gryffindors. Luckily, Harry, Ron, and Hermione are grouped together on the Gryffindor team. The students meet the teachers, formalities are taken care of, a feast fit for kings is served up, and their new lives begin. From here on out it is one adventure after another, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione battle a Mountain Troll, investigate the evil Voldemort, play a stunning broomstick ballgame called Quidditch, and learn about honor, friendship, bravery, and magic, not to mention the secret of the mysterious Sorcerer`s Stone. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not to be missed. It's good, clean, family fun, with great characters and lots and lots of magic. Some scenes may be a bit frightening for small children, and if you have a hang-up about movies about kids going to witchcraft schools, well, I suggest you just have a talk with your kids about fantasy versus reality, because that's what this is, a fantasy. And what a fantasy! The DVD is wonderful, but I don't claim to have been as blown away by the extras disc as others have. It was okay, but for the most part it seems to have been made for little kids. But the movie is great for any age! If you love fantasies like The Wizard of Oz, Return To Oz, The Worst Witch, The Black Cauldron, Lord of the Rings, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, and The Sword In the Stone, you're gonna love this!
A glorious engrossing fantasy film I loved this movie when I saw it in the theaters and still do when I see it again on DVD. But. There is still but about this DVD. I was eager to get this and was delighted to read that it would be on 2 DVDs. I thought that the first disc would have a magnificent picture with Dolby Digital 5.1 EX and DTS ES tracks. It was a disappointment that it didn't include a DTS track, even though there seem to be space for it, since there are no audio commentary or other special features on the first disc. The picture was good with vibrant colors and the sound track was good too, but it lacked that extra dynamic sound that SO many DVDs lack, that almost all newer laserdiscs had (even on movies in mono sound). But I bought this movie mainly for the movie itself. The movie is magical in every way, with a virtually perfect cast. Daniel Radcliffe as Harry has just right amount of charm and charisma to make the character work on the big screen. Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith are just a few of the great English actors who star in this movie. I think this movie will endure for many years to come. Now for the negative side, the special features disc. It is true what other reviewers have said that it is made like a kid's game. I wanted to see the documentaries about the different aspects of the book to film process, but all it contained (or at least what I have found) was a 15 minute documentary that reminds me of the bad 'behind the scenes' programs on E! or other entertainment TV stations, that are shown when the movie is in the theaters and don't really say much. The documentary did say some, but it was all in bits and pieces. There should just have been a link to a game version of the features for kids and a normal features menu for adults. The movie, though, is worth the movie I paid for the entire release, but I don't think I'll be watching the features disc much at all.
A Magical Beginning- As a Harry Potter fan I waited for months and months for this movie to come out. Having read and re-read the books at least twice... I had been following all the media buzz on what was to be a hit movie. I had hoped on the day it came out my mom would let me leave early from school to see the 3:30pm showing to my surprise my mom let me have the whole day off something the state of Texas wouldn't approve of! I like to think I was one of the first people to see it seeing the early 7:30am showing. There is one word to describe this movie magical. Although, I have heard mulitple fans complain about the movie and how they don't live up to the book- I found that they have. The books can only take us so far with descriptions- we usually have to imagine the rest. But, with the movies we get the chance to see these magical worlds come before our eyes. O.K I'll admit as a fan I have been disappointed with some of the choices that have been made with the movies... with certain cast members. But, they do a good job living up to Rowling's epic books! The actors that play Ron and Hermoine are perfectly cast. And although Radcliffe may seem the perfect choice as Harry since he has features and maturity I still believe Daniel Radcliffe is the weakest actor among them. Although he does a great job anyway. The sets, costumes, script, and acting make this first chapter in the Harry Potter saga a magical one! All in all though this is a movie you should allow your children to see and please give them the right to imagine/dream their smart they know there's no such thing as witches and wizards they just need the chance to believe. Rent or buy this one and share bowl of popcorn and watch a magical beginning!
Fabulous Movie Of course I wasn't much of a Harry Potter fan when it came out. I actually saw the Prisoner of Azkaban first. But, as far as this one goes. I think it's an excellent adaption and a wonderful story with stunning visual effects and some great music. 10-year-old Harry Potter is leading a difficult life. His parents died when he was a baby and his only remaining family members (Unlce Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley) treat him liek some cockroach that's wandered into their house. 1 day, on Harry's 11th birthday, he recieve a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Well, of course he goes to find out that he's famous for the defeat of a dark wizard, Voldemort. Voldemort came to their houser, killed Harry's parents and tried to kill Harry too. But, Harry destroyed his powers and Voldemort (unintentionally, of course) transferred some of his powers to Harry. On his way to Hogwarts, he meets Romn Weasly and Hermione Granger. They all have the displeasure to be associated with Dracoy Malfoy and his two henchmen, Crabbe and Goyle. Then, on top of that, he shows extrordinary talent on a broomstick and becomes the youngest seeker for any Quidditch team in centuries. He also learns that not everybody at Hogwarts worshops him day and night. Severus Snape, Argus Filch, and his cat Mrs. Norris all take a disliking to him. It's not really just Harry with Filch and Mrs. Norris, they just like to wage war with the students and the poltergeist, Peeves. Harry begins to ponder over Snape and Quirrel's (the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher) strange behavior. A strong desikre to see his parents again is finally manifested in Harry and he gets his wish when he discovers the Mirror of Erised, which shows the deepest and darkest desires of our heart. Later on, he discovers that Hogwarts is hiding the Sorcerer's Stone which contains the Elixer of Life. So, when he Ron, and Hermione, go down there... well I won't tell you that. The books are much more detailed and describe much more. These movies are great and all, but they sometimes feels rushed and this one is no exception. The scene where they arrive at Hogwarts is so d**n rushed it feels like a time warp. In addition to that, Dumbledore slows things down to the point of feeling like you've gone back to the day you were born. I liked the way Dumbledore was potrayed though. Quirrel and Voldemort were also wonderfully acted out. Alan Rickman was a great choice for Snape. Danial Radcillfe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Wattson are the perfect people for the job. Richard Harris plays a fabulous Dumbledore except for how slow he is.
Amazing film that gets you hooked from the first minute it begins Wands at the ready! Daniel Radcliffe takes up the role of mysterious boy wizard Harry Potter from J.K. Rowling's epic seven part fantasy series. Fans of all ages have been going crazy ever since they heard that Rowling's popular series was going to be transfigured, so to speak, into a film to be showed on movie screens around the world. Yet what makes this movie so unique is that it was not derived from a modern video game or television series, that the younger generation seems to enjoy, but from an ancient form of entertainment. A book! Just what is the magic that is held within those pages, that seemed to have hooked readers into its compelling storyline around the world? Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is filled with plenty of excitement. The screenplay is wonderfully interpreted from Rowling's complex storyline that introduces the Harry Potter realm; actors and actresses portray believable, memorable characters, and every scene is filled spectacular special effects. I find it only fair that this movie is truly a piece of magic itself. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first in a compelling seven-story adventure where one night living with his aunt and uncle in a somewhat abused life, eleven-year-old Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) learns that he is a wizard and gets shipped off to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn the art of magic. At his arrival he befriends Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and the insufferable know it all Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), and of course there's the deadly enemy the main character always makes, Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton). Harry Potter is brought about many trials and cloisters in learning the art of magic with his many teachers like Professor McGonagall (Maggie Smith) and "greasy git" Professor Snape (Alan Rickman), all while being praised highly by the greatest wizard in the world, Albus Dumbledore (Richard Harris) and taken under the large wing of the half-giant gamekeeper Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane). What makes this story more compelling is that Harry Potter himself is a hero, a hero for defeating a dark wizard by the name of Lord Voldemort (craftily done by computer generation). Now Lord Voldemort is after a precious stone that will make him immortal, and Harry and his friends are the only ones who can stop him. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone, is filled with action packed scenes that have been digitally enhanced with the wonders of technology from a three-headed dog to a miniature dragon. Some of the best scenes include the Quidditch scene where Harry partakes in his first Quidditch match, the devil's snare scene where Harry, Ron and Hermione find themselves being choked by a plant, and finally the troll scene where Harry and Ron save Hermione from a ghastly looking, mold covered troll. These digital enhancements polish the gems of the movie perfectly and make them shine with outstanding brightness, for they really give the movie that magical aspect. The setting is also another strong point found within the movie. Most of the places match the ones described in the book perfectly. They create such a vivid image in the mind, that it almost makes you think that it what you are seeing is real. The Hogwarts castle is depicted almost perfectly with it's towering roofs and warmly lit windows. The corridors are lit with torches and floating candles while the potions classroom looks dark and grimy. The grounds are beautiful, flourishing with a spring of magic. Every aspect was craftily done to make the movie as real to the book as possible. The movie also has some shortcomings as well. For it being two and a half hours long, you figure they'd put the important parts in. However, this is not the case. Most of the time, the important parts that lead to the next event were cut out and rearranged to make the story better for a movie audience. In other aspects of the film, Harry is portrayed unrealistically as a boy wizard who defeated a dark lord at the age of six months is now the greatest wizard of all time? From the moment Harry enters Hogwarts he becomes a hero even though he didn't do anything. For most of Harry's life he didn't even know of his great feat against the dark lord, and within days at Hogwarts he is flaunting his unique lightning bolt scar like he knew that one day he would become a hero. He then takes on the responsibility of saving the entire school from dark powers without question. I'd expect that an eleven-year-old boy would be scared just like every other young kid who was threatened with death. Harry Potter, for all the glory it received, does have some competition. I firmly believe that Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone fell directly between fans of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings and C.S. Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia, both of which came out with their own movie. Firm Christians sought out Narnia, while hardcore fantasy fans fled to Lord of the Rings, leaving Harry Potter in the middle. However there are some hardcore Harry Potter fans as well, but when Rowling's epic story ends, will this brilliant story just fade or fall into the shadows of films that have become classics. Even though the movie had both very strong points and it's shortcomings, it was still overall a great film. As the first of an epic seven part series, this movie ends with a happy ending, but a lot of questions unanswered. There can be both a good and bad side to this. Many fans can't stand the waiting for the next film to be produced in a year or so, but if you get them hooked enough, you can guarantee that they'll be back for the next one. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a movie made for family viewing. It depicts the life of a wizard and how he copes with being in a new world. It also firmly implies on the important lessons in courage and loyalty to those you care for. As of now, there are total of six books and four Harry Potter movies, all of which have hit record amounts. Fans of J.K. Rowling's masterpiece are anxiously awaiting the closure of her series with the final book. I suggest until that happens, fans can occupy themselves with watching the magic of the Harry Potter films and the majestic moral themes they present. This is a Reveiw by Katelynn Mallon Rabbid Harry Potter fangirl
I'm Just Wild About Harry I spent the equivalent of a full day's waking-hours in front of my big screen TV this past winter break with just the 2 sets of the four Harry Potter movies and the three Lord of the Rings movies. I am NOT a couch potato. I am NOT a couch potato. I am NOT a couch potato. Well, at least it was time well spent. Finally...some movies that really make the grade. I've been hard-pressed to find a good 5-star movie that I haven't seen. And here I've had these two sets of films that have been out there all this time that that for whatever reason I've had an aversion to. Silly me. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Chamber of Secrets, Prisoner of Azkaban, Goblet of Fire were all at minimum very good. Certainly Socerer's Stone, Chamber and Goblet of Fire are as 5-star as it gets. Azkaban was relatively slow compared to the others, but look at the footsteps that it had to follow in. The list of A-list actors giving A-list performances goes on....You have Richard Harris (GRHS) who was flawlessly and un-noticably (no disrespect intended) replaced by Michael Gambon; Miranda Richardson, Gary Oldman, there's Alan Rickman doing his best Jeremy Irons imitation, Ralph Fiennes, John Hurt, Shirley Henderson, John Cleese and of course Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid. I know I'm forgetting more, but you get the idea. Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber were brilliantly led by the direction of Veteran Chris Columbus (Home Alone and tons more). And the cast of these films?...How often do three unknowns (Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger and Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley) walk into overnight stardom? Not very. But these three sure did. And it's well deserved. Their characters are well acted and believable; not bad for a bunch of preteens in their debuts. Azkaban was really good and certainly an integral part of the Harry Potter progression of stories. But Azkaban was the first hand-off of the director baton from Columbus to the short resumed, mostly-foreign-film-guy Alfonso Cuarn. Columbus still had oversight as a producer, so perhaps Cuarn felt intimidated by Columbus' brilliance in Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber...or perhaps Cuarn just held back from doing his own thing. Be that as it may, the change in "direction" really shone through. And Cuarn was gone for Goblet. Goblet comes in with three changes in direction: 1) The director change from Cuarn back to another vet in Mike Newell, 2) The exit of Columbus oversight, and 3) A shift from...shall we say...a more famlyish Harry Potter to a more dark Harry Potter (the way it was intended!). And this did not go un-noticed by the MPAA. It's must be tough to make a PG movie these days; it's hard to believe that the MPAA took the Potter series from a PG rating to a PG-13 rating for Goblet. Kids 13 and under can see uglier violence and hear more profanity at school recess and at the local playground than they do in Goblet...better start a rating system for playgrounds! How is it that a movie like Goblet without a curse-word or graphic act of violence (by today's standards anyway) gets thrown into the same category as, for example, S.W.A.T. (2003) that does indeed not only have the F-word, but strong violence and sex? Ludicrous. But I won't get started on how unfair the MPAA is and how neurotically insane the pressure is from certain groups on the MPAA to "protect" our youth. I will indeed finish by saying that the first four of the Harry Potter releases combined have grossed close to $2,000,000,000 (that's a TWO BILLION dollars) because they're excellent movies that kids can watch too. And Goblet actually did better at the box office than Azkaban. So stick that in your pipe and smoke it, MPAA. If you somehow missed these movies as I did for some crazy reason, I hope that my long-winded review has encouraged you to add them to your cart. As for Lord of the Rings...well that's another review entirely, of course. I can't wait for the upcoming continuation of the Harry Potter series with Order of the Phoenix in 2007 and Half-Blood Prince in 2008. I am NOT a couch potato.
A Wizard Motion Picture "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first film in a seven film series, based on the first Harry Potter book of the same name by J.K. Rowling. The film, like the book, sees young Harry (played by Daniel Radcliffe) receive an invitation to Hogwarts School of Wizardy and Witchcraft, discover that he's a wizard's child and gets caught up in the mystery of a strange package, a bank robbery, a forbidden third floor and suspicious teachers, along with his two newfound friends Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson). In the world of Harry Potter, illustrations, paintings and photographs move. I like to think of this film the same way. Rather than be a stand alone film, I see this film as a visual companion to the book, moving pictures that give you an idea of what everything in and around Hogwarts looks like, (like what being in a building full of moving stairways actually looks like, for instance) giving the fictional world just a bit more depth. It's not as if the film would be completly alienating to newcomers, not at all, its just that if I hadn't read the book beforehand, I'm sure I would have found things a bit harder to follow, as things move fairly quickly and there's an ever thickening plot to keep an eye on. Everything looks great, and pretty much everybody is cast well. I particularly liked the choice of Daniel Radcliffe as Harry, Emma Watson as Hermione and Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid. I quite liked the fact that Warwick Davis (of "Willow" and "Leprechaun" fame) got a double role in this film, both as a banker of Gringotts and as Harry's charms teacher, Professor Flitwick. I reckon Warwick should do a film where he's a whole bunch of characters one day, it'd be great! Fans of the book will notice that a couple of plot elements have been combined, making it easier to follow. Take, the baby dragon subplot, for instance. It needs to be taken home. In the book, Ron's brother's friends take it home to Romania, but in this film, Dumbledore does this, snipping out the book's reason for his absence. It's understandable they did this, and its not terribly major. Included with this DVD is an extra disc of special features, that plays a bit like a DVD remote controlled point and click game. There are seven deleted scenes from the film to watch, but you'll have to work for it, going from virtual room to virtual room within Hogwarts School. Can you find the Philosopher's Stone that will turn menus to cutting room gold? If you don't have the patience for DVD games, there's plenty of other stuff to look at, including a virtual tour of Hagrid's cabin and the Gryffindor Common Room, a "Catch the Snitch" game and explanation of Quidditch, various montages of all your favourite characters, conceptual sketches, clickable every flavour beans to "eat", and an interview with director Chris Columbus and the producer of the film, David Heyman. Definitely worth a look, though I'd definitely read the novel first. Fans will probably want to watch this again and again, I'm sure.
Great movie for all! "Harry Potter and SS" is the best fantastic movies I have watched so far. Together with the excellent skills of director Christ Columbus and well-done acting of Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson as three main characters, and other stellar casts, "Harry Potter and SS" has becomes one of the most-watched movies once it's first released in the threater. The plot mainly focuses on the friendship between Harry and his two best friends, Hermione and Ron, and how they struggle throughout the movie to make the stone protected from the Lord Voldermore, an evil darkwizard. As the movie begins, Harry Potter, portraits by Daniel Radcliffe, a 10-years-old wizard is being treated so badly by his mean uncle and aunt. The Dursley's family has been concealing the fact that Harry doesn't belong in this Muggle world, and try all attempts to block all the invited letters from Hogward, a magical school where all young wizards go. It all changes, however, until his eleventh birthday when Hagrid, a giantkeykeeper of Hogward, comes and directly give him a letter, which simply says that Harry has been acccepted to attend to Hogward. Leaving the Dursley's family to go to Howard, Harry learns all about the death of his parents and begins to feel himself important as every wizard eagerly wants to shake his hands wherever he passes by. He also learns that the scar on his forhead, which makes him invulnerable from LV when he was a little baby, has made him the most famous wizard in the Wizard World. Once Harry sets foot on Hogward, a school full of matric spells, he struggles to make himself adjusted to the new World; he befriends with Ron and Hermione and other young wizards as well. Ron, who is Harry's closest companion, keeps Harry reasonable at all times and is willing to risk his life and everything he could for friendship. In the movie, you will witness how he sacrifies himself in the magnificently dangerous chessmatch in order for Harry to keep going. On the other hand, Hermione is a sensitive and very intelligent girl who really helpful throughout the movie. Thanks to her knowledgable tips, Harry could be able to choose the right potion and move on to the next door. Perhaps, that is their friendship which makes the movie go smoothly and held my interest and curiosity 'til the end, when Harry is face-to-face with LV....... This movie is highly recommended for all, especially for youths who are searching for adventure and fantastic movies. Hung Duong
DVD Finds the Magic Movie Lost While the Harry Potter books are undisputably fantastic, it is widly agreed that the movie is, well, good. J.K.Rowlings has the humor of Roald Dahl and the magic of J. R. Tolkien. That being said, any attempt to transform the books into movie form would be incrediably difficult, at best. Director Chis Columbus did an acceptable (not wonderful) job. But the makers of this DVD redeemed the movie's shortcomings. This movie is true to the book regarding plot and events. However, by skimming over the details - like all the magic Harry learns in school, Nevile's trials, compacting time, Harry's nightmares, etc.- much of the magic and charm was lost.(I should mention that my love of the books most certainly jaded the movie for me. For example, my new boyfriend - in what was most certainly an attempt to win my affection - took me to see this in the theatre. He -a grown man and a fan of NASCAR and baseball- thought it was a great movie. We've been dating for a while now so I would know if it really bored him) The DVD restores much of the magic from the book in what is the most interactive, creative and fun DVD I have ever seen. Most DVDs have "special features" consisting of bland mini-documentaries, cast lists and, occasionally, an intersting cut sceen or two. This DVD has truly SPECIAL special features. There is a game, a really cool guided 3-D tour of the grounds and of the dorm - you can choose which way to go, look at details - it is really neat. You can make potions in class, go to Digon Alley and buy an owl, take money from Gringott's bank,and try out wands. It is very imaginative. There is also a cd-rom game which I have yet to play (because it might make it obvious to my co-workers that I'm goofing off). This gets my stamp of approval. I liked it!
Philosopher's Stone is a Winner Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the best thing to hit children's literature and film for many years. It has everything it needs to be a long-lasting icon of the film industry. And yes, I say the Philosopher's Stone, not that other horrible name, because that is the true name of the book and movie. The alternate name was plastered onto the American edition because... well, I won't go into details of those rumours. Suffice to say, this movie was brilliantly done. Kudoes to Chris Columbus for a magnificent job. It seems he was criticised from a number of different angles (unfairly, in my opinion) for either sticking too closely to the book, or for not including various scenes. One, he couldn't have included everything. It would have been a logistical impossibility. Two, had he strayed from the story given in the book, it would have lost a lot of its magic. Pun not intended. I was a little disappointed at some things being missed. In particular, Hermione's momentary panic when Harry and Ron are caught in the Devil's Snare, and the alterations to the entire 'Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback' saga. But all in all, I think it was a great effort that resulted in the sort of enjoyable movie that you can watch again and again. The stars are all brilliant. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are all perfect in their roles. Emma Watson in particular - she has Hermione's mannerisms down pat. As for the adults, they too were all wonderful. Especially, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman. And a special mention for Tom Felton - he has really made Draco Malfoy into someone that we can love to hate. The Philosopher's Stone is marvellous enough in its own right without people deriding is as a Lord of the Rings copy (which it isn't), or saying that it is too 'airy-fairy'. And, what is with the accusation by a latter viewer that it (book & movie) is a blatant copy of Star Wars? Okay, there are people who don't like Harry Potter. That's acceptable. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But to start making ludicrous claims is just off the planet. Harry Potter is not a copy of Star Wars, and the Quidditch match is not a copy the Episode 1 Pod Race. Try reading the book again, and then having a look at the copyright date in the front of the book. Then check out the production date for Phantom Menace. Then, grow up and get a life! Sheesh.... This is a great movie. It is about friendship and courage, and just happens to be set in the fantastic world of wizards and witches. If you really think this movie is brain-dead, try watching half an hour of Teletubbies, or that insipid...'Blues Clues'. (Anyone who freely uses the phrase 'handy dandy' seriously needs psychiatric help, quickly) At least the stars in Harry Potter can act. Daniel Radcliffe is no Macaulay Culkin (thank God), and he leaves other child actors (ie, Haley Joel Osment) in his dust. Okay, now I'm ranting. But 'The Philosopher's Stone' has far more redeeming features than negative ones, and I find it sad that there are people who - as a wonderful Australian critic stated - feel that they are entitled to trash a movie just because they don't personally like it. You may not like something, but that doesn't always mean it's bad. And for anyone who derides it as being 'just ordinary', I really feel sorry for you.
A faithful, bedazzling adaptation of Rowling's novel It is really quite amazing that a major motion picture not only remained very faithful indeed to Rowling's original novel but actually succeeded very well in recreating the magical scenery and extraordinary environment of Hogwart's. The special effects in the movie are, on the whole, fantastic, a fact which becomes obvious upon Harry's first entrance into the Great Hall. Most amazing of all may be the spectacular presentation of the game of Quidditch. While almost all of Rowling's descriptions in the novel come leaping off the page, it is a little difficult to get a real picture of Quidditch in one's head; thanks to the movie, my days of struggling to really visualize the game as it is played are a thing of the past. There are a couple of occasions upon which the special effects look just a tad hokey, but the overall effect of the film is so magical that I'm not complaining. Indeed, I find it quite refreshing indeed to see a film follow the author's original words and scenes so faithfully; there were minor adjustments to the story along the way, and in a couple of cases the changes actually proved more effective than the original scene would have played on the big screen. The cast is excellent up and down the line. Daniel Radcliffe is Harry Potter as far as I'm concerned, but I was even more impressed by Rupert Grint as Ronald Weasley and Emma Watson (my favorite) as the incomparable Hermione Granger. Richard Harris' brilliant performance as Albus Dumbledore will be sorely missed in future films. I would be remiss to forget Robbie Coltrane's critical contribution as the one and only Hagrid, but by far the most effective job is done by Alan Rickman, whose performance as Professor Snape ranks among the most impressive acting jobs I've ever seen. Everybody knows the plot of the movie by now. The only weakness in this epic production comes in the form of snippets and scenes from Rowling's novel that were not included - this is understandable, as the movie runs a good two and a half hours as it is. The ending seems to come up just a little short, yet it is quite enjoyable as it is. A few plot points that reveal more about some of the key characters can only be found in the book, but the fact that they are most important in terms of what they betoken for future novels and movies makes them a little less than crucial for this first Harry Potter motion picture. Overall, as a full-grown adult clinging to what few fancies of youth he has left, I have to say I loved every minute of this movie. Its commitment to Rowling's vision is to be commended, and there can be no doubt that there are bigger and better adventures yet to come in both book and movie form. The DVD features are, at least to a certain point, rather fun to mess around with, but they probably appeal more to young people than adults. I for one began to grow a little bored after touring Hogwart's, but the fact is that anything on top of the movie itself is just a bonus. I've watched Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone several times now, and I have enjoyed it greatly each and every time.
Harry Wows 'Em Again I ought to say, "wows 'em for the first time"--you don't need to have read the books to enjoy the film (I hadn't, though after seeing it I went out and bought #1 and #3 (#2 being OS at my bookstore)). I haven't been so caught up in a movie's world since the first STAR WARS of venerable memory. The cast, except *just per-haps* for the theatrically glowering Rickman, is splendid, the settings are gorgeous, and oh, the SFX! The quidditch match alone is worth the price. Some reviewers take Columbus and his screenwriters to task for not following the book exactly, but I think they've improved upon it. The means by which Harry and his pals first happen upon Fluffy the three-headed dog, for example: instead of a mischievous poltergeist, it's moving stairways that land them in the forbidden corridor--visually far more delightful. And the scene in which Harry and Ron play "wizard chess" with pieces that bash each other foreshadows the full-size game perfectly. On the other hand, where they *have* remained faithful to the original, they've done so, for the most part, with exactitude. My gripes are very minor: for example, I would have liked a brief scene in which the several Weasley brothers were formally introduced to Harry (there is one in the book, but in the movie I didn't realize Ron had brothers till I saw their names in the cast roll). This is definitely a movie for the whole family, though the smallest ones *may* find Fluffy, Hagrid, Lord Voldemort, and the chess game scary. And having been through a rather stressful three weeks the first time I saw it (in the theater), I found it to be just the remedy I needed. For a couple of hours I could completely forget what had been turning my life upside down, and worry about whether Harry was going to fall off his broom when *it* did! If I could give this video *ten* stars, I would. It belongs in every family collection.
Relive the magic! What a truly wonderful film! I own the DVD and probably have seen it so many times that I've memorised it but 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is one of those films that you can watch over and over again without ever getting bored with it. THE STORY: Harry Potter is an 11-year-old British boy who was orphaned when he was a baby and taken in by his mean Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and spoiled cousin Dudley. The Dursleys know of Harry's past...Harry is unlike most children because his parents were a witch and wizard, and tried to hide his magical side from him because they are afraid of "abnormal people". But on his 11th birthday, Harry learns about his wizarding destiny and attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry...where many magical, and some dangerous, adventures await him. THE ACTING: I found the acting by the entire cast to be truly believable and superb. For first timers in a major motion picture, Daniel Radcliffe ("Harry Potter"), Rupert Grint ("Ron Weasley"), Emma Watson ("Hermione Granger"), and Tom Felton ("Draco Malfoy"), were perfect. I couldn't have asked for a better casting for the roles of the kids! The supporting kid cast was also excellent, such as the two twin boys who played Fred and George Weasley, and the boys who played Neville Longbottom, Oliver Wood, and Percy Weasley. Then there was the adult cast...BEYOND PERFECT! I just love Maggie Smith and she was so amazing as Professor McGonagall! Richard Harris was an awesome Professor Dumbledore though I have to say that if he had read the books, then he probably could've improved his character. Alan Rickman was so creepy as Professor Snape, Harry's least favorite teacher and the Potions master. Robbie Coltrane was fabulous as Hagrid, the half-giant and Hogwarts Games Keeper who Harry befriends. Though I must say that he used too much proper English and there were times when he wasn't following Hagrid's language very well. And Julie Walters, who plays a bigger role in the later movies, was simply great as Mrs. Weasley, Ron's mother. THE SPECIAL EFFECTS: Simply spectacular! the Hogwarts castle looked so enchanting and real...just as I imagined it to look. The computerized generated effects were astonishing and fit in very well to the real background scenary. It all looked just as I thought it would...magical. THE TIME-LENGTH: About two and a half hours long (152 minutes)...wouldn't have minded if it had been longer, then they probably could've fit more of the book in it. FAITHFUL OR NOT?: Pretty faithful to the novel, which I read right before I first saw the film in theaters. They left out a lot of the beginning before Harry goes to Hogwarts and at the end when he leaves to go back to Private Drive where the Durlseys live...but all in all, pretty much faithful to the book. I hope the other movies continue to stay even more truthful to their books. THE DVD: Okay...but definitely could've been MUCH better. What was extremely disappointing with the 7 deleted scenes was the fact that there were no director's commentary included with them. The interviews were actually the best part of disc 2...because the director, Chris Columbus, the producer, and the screenwriter gave insights on the making of 'Sorcerer's Stone' and you got to see glimps of what went on behind-the-scenes and a short insight of what 'Chamber of Secrets' will be like. The game is easy once you get the directions on how to get through it to get to the deleted scenes (if you're having trouble, the directions can be found on the official Harry Potter website), but it should be an option for those who do not want to play a game everytime they want to see the deleted scenes. More special features were probably needed (they had all those TV specials on the movie before it came out and could've added those onto the DVD). The picture and sound quality are top-notch, though. All in all, if you loved the movie enough, then you should definitely purchase the DVD. I hope they make a collector's edition later with all of the REAL special features. If you're not crazy about the deleted scenes or the interview, then purchase the VHS. 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a must have for your family movie library! I can't wait for the next installment, 'Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets'!
Great movie, very good DVD Last winter's release of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" was a complete triumph, setting a standard that may be impossible for future films of the series to meet. It's not just the great casting (especially the kids, who are fantastic) and the digital magic we have come to expect from movie effects. The real triumph is how fully the creative team captured J.K. Rowling's imaginary world and all the important events. It's all there. Everything you loved about the book is at least alluded to in the film, it's in there somewhere. The screenwriters did not substitute their own cleverness for Rowlings' nor did they slavishly copy every detail. They used what they had to to make the story clear and sprinkled the rest in as well as they could. And they did a brilliant job of it. (It does cause some worry. Subsequent books of the series have grown longer and longer. How can they possibly fit them into a movie that doesn't last 6 hours, without leaving out an awful lot?) It's important to remember when viewing something like this ("Fellowship of the Ring" is an even better example) that the book is not the story. The book tells the story in the way a book does. Movies tell stories in a different way, they're a different experience, which accounts for frequent complaints or disappointments. But "Sorcerer's Stone" works as a movie without sacrificing anything of the book. And that is a terrific achievement. The DVD has plenty of special features, but they're displayed in a way that's a little too cute for me. My kids love all that schtick, but I'd just as soon scroll down a menu and click what I want instead of playing a game to get what I'm after. But that's a fairly trivial complaint, I'll admit. The packaging is pretty slick, the features (once you find them) are plentiful and interesting, and the movie is excellent. (One side note - While the special effects capture Quidditch pretty well, it only illustrates how stupid the game is. Why have all those other players when the only ones that really matter are the seekers? Why not have your other players forget the quaffle and chase the snitch? As a fairly intense sports fan, I find the broomstick game absurd, impossible to believe. I've gotta think if there really were a wizard game on brooms, it wouldn't be Quidditch, which makes no sense.)
Magically Amazing Ahhh...Harry Potter. This film successfully manages to bring the magic of J.K. Rowling's characters to life. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first installment of Rowling's planned seven-book series about a young orphan, Harry Potter, who wakes up on his eleventh birthday only to be told that he is a wizard and has the chance to leave his muggle (non-magic) aunt and uncle to attend the greatest school of all time: Hogwarts. While at school, Harry meets many unforgettable characters who are beautifully portrayed in this film. There is Harry's best friend, red-head Ron Weasley, the fifth child of a poor family who loves, among other things, wizard chess. There is the over-confident Hermoine Granger, who enjoys reading, studying, and being right. There is Harry's nemesis, the evil (and brilliatly casted) Draco Malfoy, starved for power and from a family that is, well, loaded with money. There is the gentle Rufus Hagrid, the gamekeeper at Hogwarts, who wants nothing more than a pet dragon. And there is the beloved headmaster, Prof. Albus Dumbledore (played by the late Richard Harris), a man who is both wise and gentle. Both the books and the movie have come under heavy scrutiny for being about witchcraft. They are. They are also about the struggles of good battling evil and Harry's triumphs and let-downs as he struggles to discover himself and his expectations as a young boy thrown into a world he completely doesn't understand. This isn't evil, it's a magical adventure, much like Peter Pan. Another comment from many fans of the Potter series is that they don't want to see the movies for fear of destroying their views as to what the books are 'really like'. The first time I saw this film, my good friend, who absolutely loves Harry, kept exclaiming, 'This is just how I pictured it!' Many fans have walked away with similar responses, and I have yet to find another movie that follows the book so closely. The adventures of young Harry at Hogwarts (and even getting there) are magical masterpieces. From his first chance standing on the platform 9 3/4 to his first views of the enchanted ceiling, you will feel Harry's wonder at his predicament -- and, like him, feel the magic behind it all.
Magical film, lackluster DVD I have no quarrel at all with disc one in my recently purchased two DVD set. I enjoyed watching the film at home even more than in the theater. The transfer was sparkling, and the sound and score magnificent. On disc two, my quarrels begin. Trying to view the extra features on the DVD was akin to torture. After hours of tootling with it I finally managed to watch the 7 deleted scenes, at least three of which were highly enjoyable, particularly the full scene of Snape's reprisals of young Harry and Hermione in the potions classroom (this should have been retained in the film!). I said ENJOYABLE, not worth the massive headache I had after a night of toying through senseless games and irreverent insults courtesy of Jim Dale, the narrator of the "books on tape" versions of the novels in the Harry Potter series. I previously enjoyed his work (he's a wonderful voice talent and brought real magic to the audiobooks) but this was just too much! And at the same time, it wasn't enough. Rumor has it that four hours of footage were shot for this film, but we get seven deleted scenes of about 9 minutes total? After all the features I saw on television leading up to the film's release, they could only muster a very short and very talky "Interviews" segment? With the second film in post production the summer before its release, is it not time to reward loyal readers and watchers with a teaser trailer? I enjoyed a very hilarous feature on NBC's dateline where Katie Kouric interviewed people at King's Cross Station about the whereabouts of Platforom 9 3/4. Would it have been too much trouble to include some fun for adults as well in the form of information about Harry Potter's massive impact on popular culture and literacy? About how the books fostered a new and fervent reading culture in our children? I guess not...and as such, some of the most loyal fans of a great series have been pretty drastically let down.
"You're a wizard Harry." "I'm a what?" The year 1997 was the beginning of a literary phenomenon with the release of the first Harry Potter book entitled "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (a.k.a. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone") by J.K. Rowling. Following the release of the fourth book in the series ("Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire") in 2000, Warner Brothers released the first Harry Potter film titled based upon the first book in 2001. Directed by Chris Columbus, the film received a lot of assistance from J.K. Rowling herself and remained very true to the original book, but with several changes, artistic interpretation and editing. The story is about an 11 year old boy named Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), who is an orphan being raised by his very unpleasant Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths) and Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw). Unknown to Harry, he has magical powers and occasionally (and unknowingly) makes things happen that greatly upset the Dursley's. However, the Dursley's know that Harry has magical powers because Harry's deceased parents (James and Lily Potter, played briefly by Adrian Rawlins and Geraldine Somerville) were a wizard and a witch. A very powerful wizard named Albus Dumbledore (Richard Harris) had left the infant Harry on the Dursley's doorstep following his parents' deaths. The Dursley's own son, Dudley (Harry Melling), is the same age as Harry and treats Harry very badly. Upon Harry's 11th birthday, he receives a letter: something that has never happened before. The Dursley's won't let him open the letter and become very upset when they read it, but more letters begin to arrive for Harry. In spite of Uncle Vernon's efforts, Harry finally gets to read the letter when Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane as the groundskeeper at the Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry) bursts in to personally deliver Harry's letter, which is his invitation to attend Hogwarts. Harry at first doesn't believe that he is a wizard, but agrees to leave with Hagrid and his life is never the same again. He learns about muggles, goblins, wizards, witches and magic. He also gets to meet Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), Albus Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall (Maggie Smith), Professor Snape (Alan Rickman), Professor Quirrel (Ian Hart), the unpleasant Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) and a host of other wizards, witches, ghosts and other creatures. Watching this film and its sequel based upon the second book ("Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets") inspired me to start reading the Harry Potter books. I was very impressed with the amount of detail in the book that did not make its way into the feature film and understood how much the film deviated from the original story. One of the biggest differences is the amount of attention given to characters in the book that only had minor roles in the film including Neville Longbottom (Matthew Lewis), the Weasley twins (James & Oliver Phelps) and Dudley Dursley. Also, a few characters in the book don't appear in the feature film at all. The other major difference between the story presented in the feature film and the book is changing of when things are said and done, which is understandable considering the length of the film. (It took me about 8 hours to read the book as compared to watching the film, which is 2.5 hours long.) Memorable scenes in the film include Harry under the Dursley's stairs, Hagrid's arrival at the lighthouse, Diagon Alley, the train station, Harry & Ron meeting Hermione, the boats, Harry's first class with Professor Snape, the Quidditch match, raising the feather, the mirror, the forest, Fluffy, the keys, and the ending scenes. Overall, I rate "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" with 5 out of 5 stars and highly recommend it to everyone.
Year One at Hogwarts Note: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the same film asHarry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. The film just uses the original U.K. title rather than the U.S. title. In 1997, unknown author J.K. Rowling had her first novel published. Not only was it an intelligent and highly imaginative fantasy story, but it also served as the first book in a seven-part series.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone(later renamedHarry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for American readers) renewed children's interest in reading and became an international bestseller, receiving high acclaim and multiple awards. The book became a cultural phenomenon and after the publication of its sequel,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets), a film adaptation was inevitable. Harry Potter was one of the most sought after properties in cinematic history, and attracted the attention of Hollywood's biggest names. Ultimately, Chris Columbus directed the film, from a screenplay by Steve Kloves. When Harry Potter was only a year old, his parents were mysteriously killed and he was sent to live with his mother's sister's family, the extremely unpleasant Dursleys. From an early age, young Harry Potter proved to be an unusual child. Once while on a visit to the zoo, Harry accidentally made a pane of glass disappear letting loose a python, which scared his obnoxious cousin Dudley half to death. On Harry's eleventh birthday, a half-giant named Hagrid explains that Harry's mother was a witch and his father was a wizard and that Harry's been invited to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry also learns that his parents did not die in a mysterious car crash as he had been told, but rather they had been killed by the notorious Dark Lord, Voldemort, often referred to as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Hagrid accompanies Harry to London and from there to Diagon Alley, where magical supplies can be bought. Harry buys his first wand, his spellbooks, and Hagrid even gives him a snowy white owl named Hedwig. From there he's off to Hogwarts by way of the Hogwarts Express, a bright red train, which leaves from Platform 9 at King's Cross Station. While waiting for the train Harry meets a large wizarding family, the Weasleys, and befriends their youngest son Ron while on the train. Harry and Ron also meet Hermione, a clever but often snobby young girl. After arriving at Hogwarts Castle, Harry and the other first year students are sorted into one of four houses. Harry, Ron, and Hermione are placed into Gryffindor, a house that is renowned for having courageous and loyal students. Harry meets the different teachers: the kind yet stern Professor MacGonagall, the malicious Professor Snape, twitchy and nervous Professor Quirrell, and the wizened and eccentric headmaster Dumbledore. Harry soon learns that each teacher treats him differently. MacGonagall, despite her chilly demeanor is very clearly fond of Harry, but Snape on the other hand seems to have a vendetta against Harry. Harry also learns of a rivalry between the school houses of Gryffindor and Slytherin, and this rivalry is exemplified by an arrogant bully named Draco Malfoy. One day Harry, Ron, and Hermione get lost in the castle and come across a room that's being guarded by a three-headed dog. Harry, Ron, and Hermione soon learn that the dog is guarding a series of hidden passageways and rooms, where something called the Philosopher's Stone is being stored. The Philosopher's Stone has the power to make whoever possesses it immortal. After a bit of late night investigating, Harry comes to believe that someone, probably Snape, is trying to steal the stone for Lord Voldemort. With the stone, Voldemort would be restored to his full power and he would again terrorize the world of magic. Can Harry, Ron, and Hermione prevent Voldemort's return and who can Harry trust in this world full of magic and intrigue? Adapting such an inventive and detailed story would prove difficult, and yet the film is successful as it manages to include almost all of the important characters and events from Rowling's novel. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone became a worldwide blockbuster and set Box Office records. There are a number of reasons for the film's colossal success. One of those reasons is the group of highly talented special effects artists that were gathered in order to create the style and look of the film. Also making a huge contribution were the experts who designed the costumes, the props, the sets, and the general atmosphere of the film. But the person who deserves the most credit is Rowling herself, who created an immaculate fantasy world that holds a universal appeal for both children and adults. The extraordinary cast includes veteran British actors, as well as some talented young unknowns (who aren't unknown anymore). The cast features Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Rupert Grint as Ronald Weasley, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid, Maggie Smith as Professor MacGonagall, Alan Rickman as Professor Snape, and Richard Harris as Headmaster Dumbledore. Though the film is a marvelous attempt at turning Rowling's novel into a physical reality, it does have its flaws. Much of the time the special effects are unconvincing, which wouldn't be so bad if they weren't used as the centerpiece of almost every scene. Another problem, and this is a very minor problem, is that some of the younger cast members under emote, or give stiff and forced performances. However, the acting will improve with each successive Harry potter film. Ultimately, Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts will be remembered and treasured by fans of all ages for many years to come. I also recommendthe spectacular soundtrack by John Williams.
