Not bad for the first movie Not bad for the first movie. The actors portrayed the characters in the book almost perfectly. I was a little bummed they didn't show some of my favorite parts from the book, but all in all, a good job.
Hooray for Harry Potter I didn't read the Harry Potter books although I did buy them for my Grandchildren. I now intend to read them all immediately!!!!!!!I can't tell you how much I enjoyed this movie. From beginning to end, I didn't move from my chair. I'm a science fiction fan and a fan of English authors here I have the best of both worlds.Daniel Radcliffe is perfect as Harry Potter and his performance was "enchanting". The whole cast was perfect. I could have done without Harry's miserable Aunt and Uncle but in every life a little rain must fall. Hogwarts is a delight. Too bad there are no schools like that in real life. Or are there? The adventures are mind boogling and the movie itself is "awesome".I wish we could all experience a real "quidditch" match. Wouldn't that be a wonder.The author has an imagination that I truly envy. The movie is wonderful. A delight for the mind, imagination and the eye.It will truly cast a spell over you.
Can't Get Enough! I've been a big fan of the books for quite sometime, and I knew someday a movie would be produced. Now it has. Christopher Columbus has done a wonderful job shaping his cast and weaving magic into this film. It follows the book closely, which, I believe, makes it all the more enjoyable. The cast was carefully chosen and they all performed quite excellently. The cleverness of some of the lines is down right genious. I have to mention Rupert Grint most particularly, he did an especially fantastic job. Daniel Radcliffe was also destined to play the part of Harry; he has the same birthday! It is a movie for children of all ages; from 8-98, everyone can enjoy it. But I think younger viewers have more of an advantage; they can more easily see and understand all of the magic and it's entirety of the secret world behind Platform 9 and 3/4. I highly recommend this film to all who have an open mind and want to have a good time.
A good movie, true to the book. If your read the books, you will not be let down by this movie. So often the books and movies have little more than the title and main character names in common. This is NOT one of them. The story of an orphaned boy who discovers that he is a wizard is well told in this movie. A word of caution: this is about an 11 year old boy. Some of the situations frighten him and rightfully so. As such, I do not recommend little ones to watch this one alone. The only aspect of the DVD that I didn't care for was how difficult it was to get to the deleted scenes. Normally, you choose to watch the scenes from a menu. On this DVD you must complete a series of challenges to get to the scenes. One challenge in particular is unreasonably difficult. To solve the puzzle you must either guess well or have read the book MANY times. I liked the idea of a challenge, but the answers should have been somewhere in the movie.
Excellent Start to the Series All fantasy series books that get turned into movies run the risk of flopping at the first film. They can also flop anywhere along the story. To get a perfect example of this see the recent release of the Voyage of the Dawn Treader (2010), where the movie is so off from the book that the Narnia series has choked. This movie is an example of where the movie makers do everything right. Critical here is the excellent casting, in particular Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, and Robbie Coltrane as the four critical characters, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid. The sets all portray JK Rowling's imagined world in an excellent way. Additionally, all the sets are perfectly made up so that they can be used again with great continuity in the later movies. It is important to note that the special effects in this film are not nearly as advanced in the later part of the series.
Magic of screen interpretation... I was really surprised by this gem because I usually don't like Chris Columbus's work. After my wife read every one of the books, I was forced to purchase the DVD, not entirely against my will. I love the film and the fact that the actors are REALLY English, for the most part and not just Americans pretending to be English. I believe they've captured the magical sense of the novels. I believe the author's forcefulness was a great piece to the film. As a writer myself I often play with the idea of the "what if" my novels are picked up for a movie release. I don't know how much control I'd want on the film. I'm more prone to keep strong about the soundtrack, rather than the film, which is mostly someone else's interpretation to the book. As with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone parallel the novel very closely. Let's see what happens with the upcoming, Harry Potter, due this X-mass!
Loved the movie -- DVD defective? I'm an adult fan of the books. Saw the movie in the theatre and loved it there. Of course, I did go away with that "oh I wish they showed more detail about..." feeling. Also, we didn't bring our 3 1/2 old when the movie came out because we were concerned for the scare factor. Since we've bought it, he (4 yrs now) has watched it 5 times and loves it. He was a little edgy at first with some of the scary scenes, but with the second viewing he got over it. Now as far as the DVD... First let me say, I didn't realize you had to play games to find the extra footage. I assumed that they were now included in the film (even though I couldn't find them there either). I'm going to go investigate that some more. The problem I am having with my DVD is the audio. During the part on Hogwart's Express, Hermione's voice is very much off with the movement of her mouth. As the cd progresses, the audio seems to match itself up a bit better, but still appears "off". I haven't seen any other complaints about this, so I'm thinking maybe I just have a defective copy??? I guess I'll go exchange it tomorrow. Once last note about the DVD... I would have liked to atleast see the DVDs packaged in a clamshell case. The cardboard case and plastic cd tray are not at all up to the standard that you would expect them to be.
Excellent & great for little ones too! My 6 year old knows the Harry Potter stories from his lego video games and just recently became old enough enough to start having the book read to him (and hold his attention), so we thought we'd try the first movie as well. He LOVED it! (And it was great seeing it again.) It's as faithful as a movie can be to a novel-sized fantasy book and doesn't disappoint (something I was concerned about for a smart kid who is big on details and knows both the book and the overall story). The extras also proved popular with my son, who wanted more once the movie was over (we all would have liked more, of course, but it was a good post-movie bit of family fun as it was). Highly recommended. The only issue is that we know the movies get darker/scarier with each installment so he likely won't be ready to watch year 3 on for a couple of years yet.Guess we'll just have to have this one on repeat until then. ;)
A Spectacular Movie!!!!! This Movie is a wonderful movie for kids and adults alike. There are great special effects and spectacular acting. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson are delightful as Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Among the adult actors, my favorite ones are Richard Harris as Dumbledore, Maggie Smith as McGonagall, Alan Rickman as Snape, and John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander. Chris Columbus did an excellent job directing this movie and John Williams composed an excellent score. On the DVD, there are many different things to do like there is a self-guided tour of Hogwarts and there are interviews with the crew. My favorite scenes in this movie are Quidditch and the gigantic wizard chess match. VERY COOL! As this is a wonderful movie, I would not recommend this movie for very small children, as there are some scary parts in this movie. All in all, this is a great movie to purchase.
excellent set this is the uk 4-disc ultimate version, everything is the same as the usa 4-disc ultimate version except the movie title, which doesn't bother me at all, and it's so much cheaper than the usa version. definitely a good buy. worth every penny!
Great movie! But I fell asleep towards the end Great movie! But I fell asleep towards the end. There were so many intricate set pieces that the narrative seemed to lull me to sleep. But after I watched what I missed again I can assure you it was a great movie (of course I was doped up on pain pills from surgery anyway so that may explain why I fell asleep).
A better experience. I bought this for my girlfriend who is a total Harry Potter fan. We watched this together and I was immediately struck by the sound design, which is superior to the previous blu-ray release. The video seems about the same. The extra scenes in the extended edition were interesting and did not take away from the film. In fact, I thought they provided more depth and I found myself enjoying the film more than previous viewings. It's nice that you are given the option of choosing between the two versions of the film. The other added benefit of this ultimate edition release is the documentary. The first part is interesting, but not quite as in depth as I was hoping. That changes though in the second part which is included in the Chamber of Secrets release. That section of the documentary is fantastic and more than what I was expecting. Excellent release and well worth the cost!
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition Blu-ray I have watched the original DVD release a number of times. Watching the Blu-ray with additional scenes was like watching the movie for the first time all over again! (except I did know how it would turn out). The additiional scenes add much more than a few minutes of film. In some cases they actually help clarify the context of a larger passage. The Blu-ray resolution allows the viewer to see many details that are indistinct in the DVD further adding to the sense of newness. The other features in the package like the digital copy, theatrical version on Blu-ray and DVD version and other stuff make for a one purchase covers all options solution. (Pity the digital copy and DVD aren't extended) I have happily upgraded from the standard DVD from years back, and am looking forward to investing the subsequent Ultimate Edition movie releases as funds permit.
Magically Entertaining Hearing that the DVD of Harry Potter featured bonus scenes and additional insight into the making of the film, I chose to splurge on the DVD over the VHS version. Mind you, I did not own a DVD player when I ordered this film. The morning after my shipment arrived, I went to the store to purchase a DVD player and that night, we watched the movie. The quality of the DVD is wonderful and the sound is amazing (we hooked it up to our stereo speakers). The bonus features include a tour of Hogwarts as well as "skits" with the sorting hat and even web-interactive activities in which I have not yet particpated. All-in-all, this is a great way to watch the movie though the widescreen viewing makes my 20" television seem even smaller. I suppose that is the only downside, now I need a TV that can hold its own with Harry Potter's DVD quality.
More Magical On DVD! I must say, when I saw this in the theatre I would have reviewd this with two stars at best. It didn't work for me on the big screen. So I got the DVD to give it a second chance. And guess what? It works better on the small screen for me. The magic and story came alive for me and I really got a chance to look closer at the story and performances. Maggie Smith is one of my favorites and the kids are really good. The DVD extras on this one are the best. Take it to your computer or just explore on your own TV. The rooms and behind the scenes are very well done. There's a game and even a guided tour on this one. I also liked the fact they talked about the sequel coming next year. (Kenneth Branagh will be in it!) Overall this is a good made-for-tv-type film and works very well for home viewing. Give it a shot and ride your broom!
MAGIC! We have watched this DVD so many times we know it practically line for line! ...and we haven't tired of it yet. Of course the movie can never be as good as the book ...for one thing it would have had to been a bit longer ...not that we would have minded. The cutting out of some of the book left the movie with a few jumbled scenes that would have made more sense had they been included. Overall though it was a very entertaining movie. One part of the book that I wished was not overlooked was at the end when Hermione guesses the potion part of the spells that were guarding the stone (Snape was credited for his spell to guard the stone in the movie but it wasn't included in the movie). Also why cut out the Peeves character altogether and make the Bloody Baron a laughing fool? Anyways, can't wait for the Chamber of Secrets to come out on DVD!
Potter's Got It Timeless and engaging. I loved it when I was younger and I love it even more now that I'm re-reading it with my ten year old cousin. These books are a literary treasure on par with Shakespeare and Hemingway. (Only way more fun to read)
Enjoyable, family-friendly fantasy... I have not read a single word in the Harry Potter series of books, nor do I necessarily intend to do so. As for the film based on part 1 in the series, I can say that it is a pretty good fantasy yarn that is just dark, brooding, and complex enough to interest (some) adults, but not so much so that the younger members of the family won't find something to enjoy, despite the film's length. I am an avid fan of fantasy, but am cautious of break-out franchises, and before plopping down in front of "The Sorcerer's Stone," I was fairly certain I would dislike the film (especially given that it has the misfortune of competing with "The Fellowhip of the Ring," which blows it out of the water). Much to my surprise, that was not the case. It's a good film with lots of atmosphere and capable direction. I'm eager for the next.
An enjoyable flick As a fan of the book, I will admit that many story elements were left out, and the changes made to condense the plot really irked me upon my first viewing of the film. Also, many of the special effects look very cartoony. That said, I just rewatched this film, and when you don't compare it to the book (which is obviously going to be better) the movie does hold its own and is very entertaining. The actors are all wonderful (the film is very well cast), the sets and scenes are very true to Rowling's fictitious world, and the movie captures the essence of what made the books so popular in the first place. In fact, my only complaint with the second viewing (and the reason the movie only gets 4 stars from me) is the lackluster special effects in 2 specific scenes. Other than that, I would almost be willing to say that I loved this movie.
The Wonder in My Son's Eyes... I admit I wished my son would have discovered the new Star Wars with the same enthusiasm as I did the old back in the late 70s. The mythology of the films stay with me and influence me today. My son, however, has adopted his own franchise of fantasy and being a fan of Harry Potter, he's found his own lifelong menagerie of creatures and cast of characters to enjoy. He has his own series of epic adventures to enjoy with characters like Dumbledore and Hagrid, friends like Hermoine and Ron, monsters like Fluffy and such vivid imagery that capture and mold a young boy's imagination. The DVD set encourages your participation in the adventure. A most interactive DVD, it features potion-mixing, treasure hunting, and a search for the "Sorcerer Stone"... quite nicely engineered. And J.K. Rowling is a hottie.
A DVD Even Harry Would Be Proud Of Let's make this short and sweet. After buying this exact DVD from Amazon, I have played it over and over. The DVD extras are worth the price alone as you can do everything Harry did before getting to Hogwarts. The trivia games will test even the most astute Harry-phile. Not to mention the movie itself is fantastic. After seeing it in theaters, I went out and bought the first three novels in paperback and read each cover to cover. Now I wait for Book Four to be released in paperback, so I can continue my Harry Potter story following. All in all, this movie is fantastic as it doesn't leave hardly anything out from the book. My only sadness is that Chris Columbus will not be directing the third installment, as I feel he has a real knack for this series. So buy it, enjoy it, and as the commercial says...BRING THE MAGIC HOME.
The Magic Was There Knowing how Hollywood has a tendency to butcher a book's adapation to the screen made me very leary to see this film, but, for once, they got it right. Knowing there is only so much you can put into a 2 hour movie, the deleted scenes (which, by the way, don't make it so difficult to get to) could have been put in the film which would have extended it by about 5 minutes, but they also would have provided some nice transitions and/or more needed background (Dursleys). The acting was where I would have expected it to be, the sets so realistic I wish they offered tours. But the basic charm and magic that is found in the books was transferred to the screen intact. In all, my only real complaint is that it wasn't long enough. I really look forward to the next installment (provided the same attention to detail is kept).
Fine Family Fantasy Film Chris Columbus's fine adaptation of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", should appeal not only to diehard fans of J. K. Rowling's novels, but anyone interested in a fun fantasy film for the entire family. I did not see this film when it was released theatrically, nor have I read the novels, so it was truly a pleasant surprise watching it finally. I recommend the film primarily for excellent acting from the likes of Richard Harris, Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman, to name but a few of the distinguished British and Irish actors within the cast. But I was also quite impressed with the splendid chemistry among Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson), the young heroes of the Harry Potter saga. Robbie Coltrane nearly steals ever scene he appears as Harry's protector, Hagrid. Although this doesn't quite reach the cinematic heights scaled by Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it is without question a splendid film to be enjoyed by the entire family.
Good adaptation, but not good enough This movie is a good film if you've either never read the Harry Potter books or have only read them once. But for someone like me whose read the first book at least 10 times, it's a bit of a disappointment. There are so many scenes that are left completly unexplained in the movie that would not have taken any longer to explain. The transitions from one part to the next are very crisp and dry. I was hoping that this 2 disc dvd would include all the scenes that were cut from the movie due to it's length. However, once you find the deleted scenes, there's not much special about them. There's parts that are explained without the questions being asked. The characters do play the parts well, and the essence is there, but the film just doesn't flow. Spend your money on tickets to The Chamber of Secrets instead.
And thats a slam for the adults in this fandom The movie - the movie is great. Chances are you've experianced Harry Potter in some way or another. The video has a few flaws here and there with the transfer - but overall it's minimal. The sound is superb. As for the extras, the box describes all the many features, but fails to mention that you can only do things once you've completed others. The dvd contains 6 extra scenes - but in order to do so - you have to play a game that is as fun as pushing blocks through a hole in the wall. Boredom and frustration sets in from the first momment. Pardon me for felling peeved that I have to WORK for my extras. As for the rest of the extras - they're boring. The wand thing is stupid and it's always the third wand. The transfigure feature is no existant. And the tour of hogwarts couldn't go any slower.
A PLEASANT SURPRISE I'll begin my review by saying that I have never read any of the books . My first exposure to the books was at a "writer's workshop" that turned out to be run by old ladies in a church hall. They were offended by the "witchcraft" (booga booga!) and thought it was "violent". Woo hoo, so's the bible. So I think you can understand my aversion to them. But when I bunged the tape in my VCR I was pleasantly surprised. This is a bit slow at times, and very long (2 and a half hours); but the visual effects are excellent and it features a very good supporting cast including Robbie Coltrane, John Hurt and Richard Harris. You probably know the story, so I'll spare you my rambling and you can go buy it or rent it. I'll have to check out the next HARRY POTTER movie when its released.
5 discs version I'm not going to review on the movie itself since there are plenty of other reviews about it. My review is specific for Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone: Ultimate Collector's Edition because Amazon doesn't list total discs the product includes. I even contacted Amazon customer service on the question and they have no idea. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone: Ultimate Collector's Edition [DVD] The DVD discs are Region 1 locked, ie. US and Canada. There are total of 5 DVD discs but the Digital Copy disc has expired. The spoken and subtitles languages are English, French and Japanese. Everything else is the same as US edition, ie. Sorcerer's Stone. If you like the specifics on the Ultimate Edition, go to [...]
IT'S SO HARD TO LEAVE THE MAGIC KING DOM!! First I am 68 years old, not bragging just lucky. I couldn't go see the movie I have endured all the negitive comments, and waited for the movie. It was great!!! I loved the books, and the Movie was as near like the book as it was possible to get. Some people said it was too long. No way It was just right. I so hated to leave the magical kingdom an return to mundania. Why live aamong the Muggles when for two hours you can enjoy travel in that magic place usually reserved for children. Of the millions of Harry Potter books sold Not all went to children. This Movie broght Harry to the grown ups who never read the books becaus they thought they were just childrens books. Iloved this movie because it brought alive the people I Have grown to love in the books.
Simply Amazing I was never a Harry Potter fan and I never understood the craze but Ive always been one to give things the benefit of the doubt so I rented this movie...and all I could say was WOW! Two days later I bought it on VHS and have since watched it over five times. The cast was convincing, the story kept you intrested all the way until the end, the costumes and settings where incredible. Makes one wish Hogwarts really did exist. I havent read the books yet but I know Ill eventually get to reading them. Its a fantastic movie for all ages, Im 20 years old and Ill probably watch it a dozen times more. Cant wait until the next Harry Potter movie is released because this time I wont wait for it to come out on video, Ill be the first in line at the movies...besides who can resist that adorable british accent :)
Excellent If you compare it to the book you're making a mistake. In order to do the book justice the film would be 5 hours long! With that in mind, can this 2 1/5 hour film due justice to this highly anticipated film? The answer is a resounding yes. Tickets sales proved that. Of course knowing the book, the viewer understands and appreciates more of the movie. Having read the book, you subconsciously fill in the blanks. For those who haven't read the book, the film does a good job carrying the story as reasonable as possible. It's no different than reading a Steven King or Clancy novel and expecting the film to be as detailed. Give credit where credit is due. This film is excellent top to bottom and we're all looking forward to the next installment! This is a great film for the family to enjoy.
I received version for Canada - Philosopher's Stone Reading the reviews here - and it looks like Amazon is having a challenge with the UK vs. USA versions of this movie. Not to mention that UK/French Region 1 DVD set is sold in Canada. I just ordered the "ultimate" version to get the Extended Cut (additional scenes are edited back in to the movie, same as the one that airs on ABC Family channel). I ordered "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Three-Disc Ultimate Edition)" but received "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Three-Disc Ultimate Edition)." The difference is the word "sorcerer" vs. "philosopher" in the title and script. Fans know that the books were printed the same way (different in UK vs. US). I am trying to figure out now if there are other differences in the movie or not besides this one word. What I received is a Region 1 DVD - so this has to be for Canada (packaging is in both English and French). Very interesting - but for those who definitely want one version or the other, Amazon needs to clearly label these (might sell even faster). Sorry that the customer service representative did not seem to know that UK and US both speak English (she was having a problem with this concept when I called to ask why I was shipped this product by Amazon). I am going to keep it now that I have it, but would also like the US version, may have to purchase it in person at a store so I can get the correct version. In the mean time, buyer beware if you don't want this title - "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Three-Disc Ultimate Edition)." I also received the Canada version for "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Three-Disc Ultimate Edition)."
Far out! This movie is great. I've seen it three times. ... This movie is fantastic! It was hilarious! I liked the part when Ron says, "She needs to sort out her priorities." Filch, Snape, and Malfoy were all ugly, creepy, and sinister enough. It's a three-way tie when it comes to who was creepier. If I had to pick one, I would say Snape gets first, with Malfoy running a close second. If that creepy little kid was Malfoy, I shudder to think what Mr. Malfoy is going to look like in the next movie. Two words, MUST SEE! Harry and Ron were both good actors, not to mention CUTE! The part with the sweets on the train was hilarious, I just love the look on Ron's face when Harry says, "We'll take the lot." The real tear-jerker scene for me was when Harry was sitting on the window petting Hedwig.
A Somewhat Dark Family Film I love dark movies, or those with a dark tone to them. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a PG movie that manages to deliver dark elements throughout while not compromising its rating. The result is a balanced film that reaches deep into the senses and psyche. The whole school of wizardry thing really captivates, and the story is best told through the deep British accents that were used. If I have one criticism of this film, it would be the length. At over two and a half hours, it's a tad lengthy, especially when there's some overindulgence in the length of some scenes. A two hour movie probably would've been better, though I'm not complaining too much. This film sets the stage for the rest of the series; it's a series that has at least one movie that's sure to appeal to someone. A good opening act that I recommend.
Just for Children? Definitely NOT true! Are you sure I can't rate a film 6 stars??? This would be one deserving of it! I am 49 and my husband is 54 and we went to theater twice to see this one and I cant wait for my DVD to arrive. The books are great - the movie even better! The child actors are suberb in their roles and then there are the special effects..... And as for children being unable to distinguish between a fantasy movie and Wicca - all I can say isn't it time to stop underestimating our youth? And while the movie is great fantasy on magic - it bears no relationship to Wicca. If you are not Pagan and don't understand what it means to embrace Wicca as a religion - please don't attempt to equate Wicca and fantasy of Witches and Wizards... You only betray your ignorance. Bright Blessings!
Wonderfull adventure for children and grown-ups This is a wonderfull adventure for children and grown-ups; I don't think I would like to have missed it -- it's one of those historic moments in film history where you can feel a rush -- like when you saw Ben Hur for the first time. In a way I was looking for fault's, because a picture so much praised, HAD to have some bad moments, right? Wrong! There's no such thing. It's perfect from start to end. Wonderfully directed by Chris Colombus and with the best of the best british actors it just keeps on rolling. The phrase "Never a dull moment" takes on a whole new meaning -- and the magnificent J.K. Rawling's creation -- is stunning and -- beatifull? Yes, beatifull. It's a wonderfull fairy tale. And I should know. I'm from Denmark, like H.C. Andersen :)
DVD is something of a ripoff I had high hopes for this DVD. But alas, it is lacking in most of what I expect from a good DVD version of a movie. The extra scenes require the viewer to solve a complicated "puzzle" in order to see them. There's no director commentary available, and very little in the way of those "extras" (info on special effects, for instance) that make DVDs a must. The DVD-ROM portion won't operate properly on my 2-year-old computer. In short, this DVD is pretty much a rip-off. And to top it all off, you have to buy a separate DVD to get the widescreen version. The only thing good about this DVD is that you get to see the movie on your TV set--and amazingly, it's better than in the theater. I felt a little overwhelmed by the theatrical version, but seeing it this way is just right.
Enchanting Great movie, full of extras and the journey to find the three main star. Truly magical to know how the magic began :)
O.k movie but not as good as Star Wars. The Actors in this mvie were very,very good. At least the director of this movie can direct children.(Unlike Lucas.)That is one quality that makes this movie better than Star Wars. But actually this movie is pretty much like Star Wars. The special effects are pretty much equal. Except some in this movie are a little more gross than Star Wars. Like when Dudley gets his pigtail. But one thing I like about this movie better than Star Wars is, it is a little darker and more scary. I think this movie(like Star Wars is good for ages 10 and up like most movies of today. Some I don't even think are good for me to watch. This is one that's ok. Well I have to close this review and do some more important things. This movie is a really good one and it would be a shame to miss.
Harry Rocks the Stone! Once again Harry Potter has triumphed over the forces of evil as he moves from paper to the big screen and finally onto DVD. With seven cut scenes and the many possible activities this DVD will keep you and your children entertained for hours as you explore "Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry" and "Diagon Alley", purchase a wand, meet The Sorting Hat and attend classes. Get the scoop on your favorite characters and a sneak peak at "Harry Potter and the Chamber Of Secrets" which is due to be released on the big screen Nov. 15th, 2002. My family and I have spent many hours since the release of this DVD playing the games and watching and rewatching. This is one of the few movies to come out so far this century that I find to actually be worth the money spent.
Harry Rocks the Stone! Once again Harry Potter has triumphed over the forces of evil as he moves from paper to the big screen and finally onto DVD. With seven cut scenes and the many possible activities this DVD will keep you and your children entertained for hours as you explore "Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry" and "Diagon Alley", purchase a wand, meet The Sorting Hat and attend classes. Get the scoop on your favorite characters and a sneak peak at "Harry Potter and the Chamber Of Secrets" which is due to be released on the big screen Nov. 15th, 2002. My family and I have spent many hours since the release of this DVD playing the games and watching and rewatching. This is one of the few movies to come out so far this century that I find to actually be worth the money spent.
Great fun for all ages I have never written a review and willl never write one again but these armchair critics are driving me crazy. The biggest problem with todays viewers and critics is that they insist on comparisons. Some movies should stand alone. Star Wars Episode One got slammed because people expected even better than the original Trilogy. The same goes for ;Harry Potter:. I have found that the friends that have not read the books enjoyed the movie the most.So..all books aside, I tried to go to 'HP" with an open mind and enjoyed myself immensly. It has everything. From great comedy and nailbiting drama to woderful special effects.In general I think people should stop listening to the critics and view the movie the way we used to..stuffed with popcorn and waiting to be amazed..
Pretty good Harry Potter is a great series. It pulled out my imagination and captivated it. I was very gald to hear they were making a movie but i wondered how they would find things that stayed true to reader's images. Well, Harry didnt look like Harry. his hair was too neat and he looked, and was, too shy. But i can deal with that. Ron wasn't a hot-head either. Hermione-she was cast very well. Draco wasn't mean enough, though. The picked out a very nice Castle. it was how i pictured it. Hagrid's hut wasn't, or the dorms. They skipped a few scenes, and made other things drawn out or happen too quickly. Though it sounds like im complaing, i love the books so im an awful critic. But, I do think the movie is very good. I do reccomend the book. I'm reserving a copy.
Love the Book...Like the movie This was a good movie. I think Daniel Radcliff was perfect to be Harry Potter. All the the other actors fitted in good enough. But one thing that bothered me was the movie was nothing like the book. They left too many details and scenes out. I think that threw the movie off from being perfect as the book. The acting was pretty good but not that perfect. The special effects impressed me alot especially with the three headed dog, the Qudditch match, the dragon, and the two headed man. Overall I think this was a really good movie. I just bought the movie 2 months ago and every friday night my little sister is like "let's watch Harry Potter". I would recommend reading the book first before seeing the movie. The book was better.
Sorcerer's Stone Added scenes should have been in original release. Really added to the film. Awaiting future ultimate editions.
Great film, difficulty in accessing the extras mar the DVD You can read the rest of the reviews here regarding the film itself, which I found to be quite a bit of fun. However, the DVD extras leave something to be desired, since there is no way to quickly view the behind-the-scenes portions of the DVD. Instead, you are forced to play the games included on the DVD in order to view the deleted or extra material. It ends up to be incredibly clumsy and cumbersome. Why the makers of this DVD did not separate the games from the extras is beyond me. In frustration I never got to see the additional materials, which I feel are one of the main reasons for purchasing a DVD copy over a VHS one. However, the DVD version will always have better picture and sound, and from that alone I reccomend the DVD.
Harry Potter movie I am 15 and i really enjoyed the Harry Potter movie. I am a fan of the books along with my sister, who saw the movie and was also enthusiastic about it afterwards. I believe it can be enjoyed by all ages even though it is directed at a younger target audience. When i saw it with my mum, i could hear her laugh sometimes and my nanna said with excitement that it was great. The movie is faithful to the book, without losing the magic and anticipation of it. Some parts are changed or embellished, but I found that it made the movie more interesting, i didn't know every little thing that was going to happen. It was also fun to see parts that I knew from the book acted out on the big screen, and there were no dissapointments at those parts.
Great Movie This movie is truly wonderful and anyone who disagrees with it on religious grounds is fooling themselves. This movie has as much to do with magic as Mary Poppins, and that is a classic. In time, this film will be right up there with the best. The performances are great across the board and the three main children hold up the almost three hour film with impeccable force. The movie is scary at times, like all the great children stories and movies (remember Willy Wonka and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang), but it is kept at a family level. The dvd is really cool but it could use alot more behind the scenes, although of course, a little of the magic would be gone if I knew how they did everything. Sometimes the imagionation is our greatest allie.
Potter is not a Pot This is one of the best movies for kids and adults I have seen in a long time. It has lots of magic, some intrigue that kids can keep up with, honor and sticking by your friends lessons that both kids and adults can learn from these days. The cast is excellent and the kids, Harry, Weasley, and Herminoe just hit it off and meld together. The Quiddish match is fun to watch and exciting. Makes you wonder how they did it so well. The extras that come with the dvd are fun too. I even sent a Harry Potter greeting to someone and it made them smile for the day! You really can't go wrong with this movie, it's fun, and if you read the books,you know what's coming, but its fun anyway. Don't over analyze it, just sit back and enjoy it.
AND SO IT STARTS. The story and the characters are pretty well known by now. I played my first copy so much, the disc accidentally got damaged. I couldn't live without having the beginning. After watching it this time, I look at the whole background and where everything is located that I wasn't paying attention to the first time. Daniel Radcliffe just starting out was okay but he improved his skill with each new story.
oh my gosh who wouldn't love this movie? I actually saw this movie before I had read the books. I admit I didnt understand the whole harry potter big deal thing but I really liked the movie a lot!!!! I'm usually not into the whole magic weird wizards movie. but i liked the fact it was eery and dark and It had a cool atmosphere about it. Wow wasnt this an awesome movie? I loved it a lot! I think Hermoine did really good so did Professor Dumbledore. This movie was the best of the year by far. Totally worth buying the first day it comes out on dvd plus its loaded with extras. So I hope all of you guys go and rent Harry Potter doesn't matter if you've never read the books its funner that way actually after I saw the movie I read all four books ok enjoy :)
A Great Movie That's Even Better On DVD This movie was great in the theaters so I didn't even think twice about buying the DVD...The movie was pretty much play by play like the book except for some minor details that really didnt effect the overall plot. In my oppionion the DVD is the best DVD ever! It has cool puzzles that you must solve in order to access the special fetures which there are lots of! My favorite was the interviews where they talked about the second movie and gave hints on what we will see in that one. To top it off you can pop the DVD in to your computer and access even more stuff! For me the special fetures are the only reason to buy a DVD this one has more fun fetures then any other in my collection! It is a must have!!
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
A Phenomenal Movie That Isn't Just a Kiddie Movie I never wanted to read the HP books, and I am bored by most all the movies that get released, let alone a mere "kiddie" movie. But somehow the reviews for HP when it was first about to be released piqued my interest so I went to see it in the theatre...and I was HOOKED. I learned the error of my ways that day, HP is not just a story for kids but for anyone who wants a truly entertaining movie (and I might add I've since bought the books and found them worthy of spending the extra cash to own in hardback). Of course, if you prefer pretentious artsy movies that trade entertainment for self-absorbed depth then HP is not a movie you will be able to appreciate. For anyone else, I recommend get this movie!
Excellent Movie-Making I was not ever swept up the Harry Potter whirlwind of hype, but after watching this movie I can see why many were. This is a well-done movie, safe for kids and with a good message. Some people were accusing this movie of being from the devil, I would say just from a smart author and a great director. I will watch the next movie and probably the one after that. The acting in this movie was at a high-caliber, including the child actors. There are some real strong veteran actors who support this young contingent of stars. The special effects in this movie were out-of-this world, and it really was enjoyable to watch. Thanks to the producers for bringing this movie to the screen.
So Perfect, It Had To Be Done With Magic This movie was totally awesome. Yes, it did miss out on some things on the book that we all would have liked to see more of, more Quidditch for example, but it was pretty well done. The special effects were cool, and the acting for most characters was great. It made the story come to life even more, and for those that don't like to read, you just have to see the movie. The characters were chosen perfectly, they fit their roles like a sock fits its owner...(ok, bad analogy, but you get the point). Everyone should experience the magical world of Harry Potter. From the moment you first see the characters, you are hooked. Everyone should have this movie! A must have for the Harry Potter fan!!!
It's OK. It's OK. The story in the book was great and detailed, but I would have been lost while watching the movie if I hadn't read the book first. They leave some details out. Still, it's always fun to visualize a story after one has read it.
This movie was wonderful!!! I found this movie to be exciting . It has to be my 2nd favorite movie by far . First is Titanic of course . This movie almost made 1 Billion in movie sales . Unbealevable? just try Titanic that was the best selling movie in Theaters right now that made 1.8 Billion Dollars . (Clears his throut)Now back to the subject . For all the Harry Potter fans...Just go ahead and buy the video , I'm possitive that u'll enjoy it . These are my ratings for the movie.... Graphics:9/10 Tiny parts of the movie could've done better. Sound:10/10 The music is wonderful . Fully orchestrated music . Replay Value:10/10 I'm sure that u'll want to see it again and again.
"Good" but not "Great" This one was pretty good, but I think others within the series are better. If it were not the first one, I would possibly given it a three, but sense there is so much introduction of all of the characters and setting up the relationships it is vital to the franchise itself, so I gave it a four.
good movie, bad features The movie is good. I was annoyed with it when I saw it in theaters because of what happens at the end (they can't change the ending!), but I really liked it the second time because I knew what to expect and saw it with the idea that the film people had to fit an entire book into a reasonable amount of film time. The movie is really good. THe special features, on the other hand, are not. There is not much point to them. They seemed to me to be added as an afterthought, even though they get an entire disk to themselves. Just my opinion, and that's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Oh, and definitely get the widescreen--you miss so much with the standard. :)
a Treat for HARRY POTTER FANATICS and others!! Buy it!! First off, I loved this movie!!!!!! I am a huge harry fan and read them all the time. (anxiously awaiting book five!) And I would also like to state, I am a Christian. That's right, a 13 year old christian who reads harry potter. And those christians that haven't seen this movie, or even worse, haven't read the books, get over yourself!!! This book is not based mostly on witchcraft but the war between good and evil where good dominates all. And a true harry potter lover would not care if this was a good movie or not because they would just want their story to come to life!!! Well, all i say is buy this delicious movie that will make you watch again and again!!!
Awaiting the DVD ...the film is enjoyable and it really does a good job of bringing the books to reality, as much as they can be for being fiction. Some people complain about the magic and witchcraft and sorcery. But I'm a baby boomer I grew up in the 60's and 70's watching Bewitched, Twlight Zone, Star Trek, etc... I knew as a child that these things were not real, and thats the same thing that we teach our children. It's not real it is for entertainment and enjoyment. The whole thing is keeping it in perspective. It is an entertaining movie, and as long as you don't have little ones who might not be able to tell the difference in what they see. I think it is an okay watch.
Very Faithful Beginning. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful movie that does an outstanding job at bringing the excellent story of the book to life in a way faithful to the original material. The story unfolds in the same way in the movie as it does in the book so this is a very satisfying Harry Potter movie. The casting is fantastic. In particular,Richard Harris was a PERFECT Dumbledore. Alan Rickman's performance as Snape was on an O+ level as well. And John Willams score for this movie is a treasure to behold. My favorite movie theme music ever! I go with 4 stars instead of 5 only because the visual effects were subpar (they would be fantastic in all 7 other HP movies). I strongly recommend this movie!
Awesome! Love love love! This movie is awesome! Captures the book perfectly and the atmosphere of the story is spot on! Obviously, read the books first because they always have to cut stuff out, but this movie is wonderful!
Great movie!!!!! I liked it for one reason i wasn't a harry potter fan i actually sort of hated it and didn't know why every one liked it so much one day i went to the movies andthe movie i wanted to see was soldout so i saw harry potter and it was relly good but since i never read the book i didn't know if it was that good then i read the book and it is like it not totally (but then none of the books turned into movies are excatly like the books) it was close but when you read the book your imagination can do much more things than movie special effects. over all i read all the books and can't wait to see the movies. if you reaaly like harry potter then buy the DVD.
One of my Favorite Movies I had never read any of the Harry Potter books before seeing Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I was enchanted by the story and the film in general. I bought and read all the Harry Potter books within the next week. I have seen the movie eleven times. The movie follows the book fairly well. There are some minor differences between the book and the movie and some things in the book just didn't make it into the film. Peeves the Poltergist is probably the biggest thing missing from the movie. However, the spirit of the book shines through. I thought the movie was cast very well. The special effects are wonderful and not overdone.
A Perfect Movie It is very seldom that an adaptation of a book as good as Harry Potter turns out to be such an excellent movie. Thanks to exceptional writing and directing movie is very close to the book. Even though I am a strong believer in reading a book before watching a movie, I must admit that this movie can be an exception. The story is untouched, casting is brilliant, visual effects are amazing. Real characters and scenery are perfectly blended with computer-generated graphics. I watched the movie twice in the theater and could not wait to get the DVD. You can watch it over and over again and never get tired of it. Definitely worth buying.
Superior FAMILY Movie I am a 41 year mother of a 9 year old son and we both loved this movie!!! I can personally say that I can hardly wait for the DVD to come out. We saw it at the movies "3" times!!! Yes, it is that good!!! I read the book along with my son and I can honestly say this, the movie was EXACTLY like the book. The actors all did a fantastic job! I wish that I could say who was the best but they really were all that good. I was surprised that it didn't get any Oscar nominations. It is definitely a warm hearted movie with supsense and drama mixed in. Buy the movie, get some popcorn, your family and friends and enjoy a great family evening together.
Like Eating Chips The Sorcerer's Stone was like the first potato chip in the bag and nobody can eat just one. The entire series was a delicious escape into fantasy and mystery. The first movie introduced me to a fine ensemble of talented actors and that talent grew as the characters grew up. Ms. Rowling masterfully weaves a tale of mystery and suspense that even rivals the great J.R.R. Tolkien. Young Harry Potter must learn of his mysterious past along with the audience and that is great story telling. Thanks to Amazon.com for their low pricing because I first purchased the series on DVD and later replaced them all with Blu-Ray disc's. This is a marvelous series that with delight all ages.
Frustrating DVD Okay, call me a muggle, but this DVD just ain't my cup of tea. I suppose I'm used to normal, comprehensible DVDs where if I want to see deleted scenes, I can get them without even thinking. As for this thing? Heavens! My brain practically blew up trying to find the darn things! Okay, so I have to buy a magic wand, enroll in potions class, mix the right potions, select the right bat...AUGH! IF I WANTED A COMPUTER GAME I'D HAVE BOUGHT ONE! Frankly, the deleted scenes weren't even worth looking for anyway. On to disc one, the movie (which is okay) looks exactly as you'd expect it to look: pristine. The bright, widescreen (2.35:1) image makes even that awful Quidditch match look watchable. Among the easy to find extras are trailers and interviews.
5 Stars All The Way!! My 8 yr. old grandson says 5 stars all the way. He can't believe Matilda and some other releases received higher reviews, while Harry Potter did not. He is a new generation of readers and watchers in awe of everything H.P. My grandson says that it is a bit scary in places for anyone under 8 yrs. He thinks the actors are great, especially Maggie Smith, who he also loved in Nanny McPhee Returns. He also pointed out the terrific John Williams sound track. He says, " I recommend this film for 7years and above. Just in case, to let everyone know, the end is scary for first time viewers, but you will adjust. It is so worth it!."
A Magical Treat! I think this video will be viewed in our home about as many times as is humanly possible. Every member of our family is a rabid Harry Potter fan. I have read comments that the movie's faithfulness to the book is alternately a strength and a weakness of the production. I believe it is a strength. There is, however, one small error in the film. When Hagrid blows into the island hut where the Dursleys are hiding out, he mistakes Dudley for Harry. This NEVER would happen! Aside from this small screenwriting blunder, the movie is perfect. It makes me wish I could go to Hogwarts! We are anxiously awaiting the fifth book and the second movie.
Awsome, yet lacks in one part: The true Storyline The movie overall was good. The characters were spectacular, matched the ones from the books perfectly. The storyline could have been fixed a bit, they messed up and changed the whole detention scene with Norbert, they didn't even show them taking Norbert to tower, they had the wrong chars in detention, small in the book but still a crucial part. That's why I took away a star. Other than that it was EXCELLENT the special effects blew me away, and the likeness of the chars was perfect. The dining hall is SO awsome looking. Well thats all I have to say, and I liked it so much I'm getting it come the 28th, two more days! CAN'T WAIT!
Annoying special features I bought this DVD b/c I liked the movie and was looking forward to seeing the deleted scenes and other extras. This DVD, however has some of the most irritating special features of any I own. When I pay money for a DVD, I don't expect to have to navigate through pointless extras to see the deleted scenes. Most of them aren't even that interesting (flavored jellybeans, poorly produced tour of Hogwarts, etc.) I still have yet to spend the hours it takes to view the deleted scenes. The only thing worth viewing, besides the movie, is the interview segment. If you are buying this DVD for the extras, be prepared for the frustration.
This movie turned me into a huge fan! I didn't read the books, but I heard great things about the series. I gave this movie a shot and was impressed by the cast and the story. It was a blast! I immediately picked up the rest of the series and binge watched them all over the course of a long weekend. Harry is a likable kid and you can't help but root for him...and let's face it, we'd all love to discover that there's a whole magical world out there. Huge kudos to JK Rowling for creating a compelling, dynamic story. This is definitely not a movie solely for young people. It's a must see for all ages.
Surprisingly good Honestly, I'm not a Harry Potter fan, but I have to admit that Daniel, Emily and Rupert have the stuff to be the three lil wizards. When I sat down in the theatre, I was like: Sheesh. I don't like the book (I haven't read it, not even now!), how in the world will I like the movie? But I was wrong. This was good. All had their special parts in the movie, like Daniel was really Harry-Potter-looking; Emily had that tone of voice which I thought was really suitable; Rupert, well, the newspaper wrote that his real personality, eg kind, caring, was somewhat the same as Ron in the movie. Definately recommand it to HP lovers.
Movie awesome, DVD Features Terrible!!! Bought and watched it, being a huge fan of the books. The movie is FANTASTIC! Then I went to find the 7 deleted scenes. You have to navigate through endless childish games and play stupid puzzles to unlock them. This is ridiculous! All I wanted was to see the scenes, I bought it on DVD with that as the purpose, and here I am, over 45 minutes later, and I GIVE UP! I still haven't seen the scenes, and I can't imagine any child who would sit long enough to play them all. It gets so boring after the first 5 minutes. And it's unbelievably difficult. You have to click on EVERY SINGLE FEATURE!! WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!!!
Just Good Filmmaking Chris Columbus has made a masterpiece its not just harry potter that makes the movie the movie makes harry potter. This is a very good movie even for people that don't like the harry potter books because it offers everything action, suspence, writing, charcter devolpment, cienmatography, music, this movie has everything a fantasy is suppose to have. Its a brillent film and its been campared by some to be the wizard of oz of or time in my opinion its better than wizard of oz it has more depth than what wizard oz had. Its a great film for the whole family and is one of the best movies I have seen in the last few years.
Great movie, nice DVD features The 2 disc Harry Potter DVD is a great value. In addition to the widescreen version of the acclaimed movie, there is also a second disc with special features, such as deleted scenes and a tour of the Hogwarts castle. On the DVD-ROM, there are various computer features as well. I enjoyed playing through the mini-games. I have one complaint however, which is why I rated this four stars instead of five. In order to view the deleted scenes, you first have to win the game on the second disc (which takes a little over half an hour). The deleted scenes should have been directly accessible from the DVD's menu.
Definitely worth the Money I decided to start collecting all of my favorite movie series on Blu Ray such as Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, and Harry Potter and after looking at several Blu Ray releases I was most interested in the Ultimate Editions. I bought and watched this first Ultimate Edition and for everything it comes with, it is worth the money. The movie looks fantastic on Blu Ray and sounds great. The "Creating the World of Harry Potter" disc is the best part of this Edition. Each of these editions comes with a new part of Creating the World.. It comes with 2 character cards which actually are not of much use. It also comes with a Creating the World of Harry Potter booklet which isnt bad, It contains alot of movie and production stills with captions as to what they are. Absolutely worth the money, I highly recommend it.
The Boy Who Lived In the past few years Harry Potter and his band of friends have become a big part of my life. It's hard not to enjoy the fun but complex writing of JK Rowling. Harry, Ron, and yes, even Hermione, have become personal friends of mine through the books. That said, this movie is one of my favorites. I usually find child actors annoying and unbarable to watch, but I've fallen in love with Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson and the chemistry they have playing Harry, Ron, and Hermione. A well written screen play, as well as wonderful acting puts this movie into the five star range.
Fun for all Whenever I watch a film I attempt to categorize it before I go, that way my expectations are usually met. Then I read the reviews of adults trashing the movie as not "confronting the social-economic issues" Ummm, last time I looked.. Harry Potter is a kids movie. I have not spoken to one child upset about the movie, sad it didn't deal more with the treatment of Harry by his Aunt and Uncle. It's a great film, fun to watch, follows the natural progression of the book. The characters all play theirs roles well. Fun for young and old. Just maybe not a 30 year old geek wrapped up in a children's book.
True Ultimate Edittion Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone ultimate edition is a very good purchase, Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone ultimate edition has an extended cut of the movie (which is what the fans want to see). This one is worth the money, however Harry Potter Ultimate Editions 3,4,5, and 6 are not worth the money. Harry Potter Ultimate editions 3,4,5, and 6 do not have an extended cut of the movie, we know the extended cuts do exist because ABC Family Shows them, but it is hard to edit the commercials, what I want to know is why would the WB would promise to release the extended cuts and then turn around and re-release the theatrical cut. so do not buy Harry Potter Ultimate Editions 3,4,5 and 6
What a load of fun! This is about the most fun movie since "The Wizard of Oz." I haven't read the books although most of my friends my age have, but I must admit I was skeptically about the movie. My friends that saw it recommended it to me said I would love it, but I still relented. However, I have recently seen it and WOW!, I was pleasently surprised. Man, this is a seriously fun and exciting movie. It's funny and serious and adventurous and that little girl who play Hermione Granger is cute too. This is a lot of fun and I think everyone should see it. I look forward to the Chamber of Secrets on November 15th.
Great fantasy for children and adults too! Chris Columbus directed "Young Sherlock Holmes". If you saw that movie, you would not be surprised at Harry Potter. He puts all the visual stage elements that it takes to mesmerize audiences. The book is not able to give this clear picture. You must have a producer who can nail it on the head to make it in the film industry. The color, costumes, makeup, stage design, and everything all the way down to the wire was perfected to make sure this movie had a lasting effect on the audience. Hats off to the author for the creation, but definitely to the produccer for bringing it to life on film.
Fun Family Entertainment Kids and grown-up kids alike will enjoy this film adaptation of the popular first novel in the Harry Potter series. I've never read the books (I must be one of the only people in the world at this point!) and I still thought this film was fun. It's a modern-day fairy tale with cleaver and charming scenes throughout. The special effects are outstanding, and the film is increadibly well cast. There is a reason that this was a blockbuster. It's just a very entertaining and well put-together film. I hope that the next films are as successful at creating the magic that this one had in abundance.
It's nice I think that this movie is nice... it is (as the producer said) faithful to the book... I've seen many other movies that are based on books, but were however, not very true to the book, which makes it a little disapointing, coz, many things tt were expected are not there...However, this Harry Potter movie, IMHO is good. I've read the books, and as a HP fan, I like this movie. Whether with the del scenes or not, it's still a great movie. I guess, with all those extra features in the DVD is what makes it worth gettin a DVD raher than a VCD or VHS...now, I can't wait for the new movie to be out.
Hollywood At Its Most Fun I was pleasantly surprised by the movie version of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". The casting, especially Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Ron and Hermione, was dead on; the characters were presented almost exactly as I'd imagined. The film stuck religiously to the book, which I appreciated, but it did seem to run a little long. Still, it was quite fun, especially the Quidditch match and the invisibility cloak. "Harry Potter" made me wish I was a little kid again, with an active imagination and a heart full of wonder. *Note - too scary for little kids
Severe dissapointment When I saw this in the theaters, I was enchanted. Then I watched it some more, and saw that it...well, let's just say that it totally did not live up to the book. It leaves out so many good scenes, wasn't very exciting, and...well, I just don't really like it anymore. The book is one of the best things ever written, however. And this movie is pretty good if you've only seen it once or twice. But after you watch it more and more, you'll grow to...well, not hate it, but just not like it. If you love the book but haven't seen the movie, rent it and watch it a few times. 'Cause heck, some people like it very much. I, however, saw some flaws. Many flaws.
Good but not that Great I'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan. When I first saw the movie in theaters I was very excited. The special effects were great. the actors were magnificent but movie is not that faithful to the first book. If you have not read Harry Potter you will probably give this 5 stars. It did twist some of the scenes to make the movie shorter but as a fan when I saw it I thought "that's not how it happened..." The music by John Williams is definitely the best. The special features on the second disc are not worth it though. If you are a Potter fan this DVD is a must have and the soundtrack too!
Kids love it You know, they say you can't wear out a CD, but my kids are trying to wear it out anyways. They know the scenes and lines by heart, I can't count the number of times they've watched this movie. The trick getting to the deleted scenes, while it took a while the first time, the kids can get to the deleted scenes now in less than a minute. Some game you have to play, collecting stuff before you can see the deleted scenes. Very good movie, I can still count the number of times I've viewed it on one hand, but I have watched it more than once (the kids must like it better than me).
Stick with the books I, like most other people who have read the Harry Potter books loved them, their imagination, their unpredictability and their originality. This film however, with the exeption of one or two scenes (such as the very well done quidditch scene), is nowhere near the quality of any of the books, even though some of the actors do in fact look as their characters are meant to, not many of the actors can actually act very well in my opinion and often seem false. Mind you with books like the Harry Potter series, your imagination and the picture you have in your mind will always be much better than what they can show on the screen, therefore stick with the books!
Excellent for Kids! This is partly a response for the review about "Good For Kids???" This movie and series of books is about imagination, expanding people (and kids) minds about lives different from their own. By not allowing kids to see a movie like this is cheating them. The world is not sugar coated and in these times, tolerance of those different from us is even more important. Good parents would allow their children to see other points of view than their own (obviously within limits), so that they can raise well-rounded children with open minds. Let Harry Potter live on!
SPECTACULAR BOOK ADAPTATION ! I didn't expect (like some people here) a word by word adaptation. The language of movies are very different from the books. But Columbus has made a very beautiful film based on the delicious book. Buy it and enjoy ir for life. Buy this widescreen version that unfornately is not sold in Brazil. Em portugus: Eu no esperava (como algumas pessoas aqui) uma adaptao literal do livro. Mas Columbus realizou um filme muito bacana baseado neste delicioso livro. Compre e aproveite para toda a sua vida. Aproveite a verso widescreen infelizmente no vendida no Brasil.
Harry Potter 1 It is enchanting to see the actors/actresses as young children. So innocent and really captured this plot very well. This version includes 4 discs and is a great value. Extended version is worth the purchase, and a great value with the other 2 special discs.
Harry Potter Comes Home A lot of the gripes I heard about this DVD was about the extra features,in a word who cares about the extra features.I buy DVD format for the durability and the movie within...And what a movie it is.Harry Potter finally comes home.AS a huge fan of the books I enjoyed seeing it brought to life.I think it was very faithful to the books(kudos to Ms Rowling).The young actors fell into their roles and the adults pulled off seamless performances(especially Robbie Coltraine as Hagrid)I cant say enough about this movie,to me its like the Wizard of Oz for the new millenium.
Amazing This product is amazing for an avid Harry Potter fan. I must say that if you do already own the first movie and are not interested in bonus features etc. you will be dissapointed. But I only owned the regular version of the first movie (no bonus items) and I LOVE the ultimate edition. THe documentary disc is so interesting and you here from everyone both behind and on the screen. Also, it talks in depth about the audition process associated with what is attributed to be the most sucesful film franchise ever! A great addition to ANY Harry Potter collection!
Fun even for old fogies like me. Being a bachelor with no children to speak of, I was only peripherally aware of Potter and his exploits. I've never read the book, and must admit that, yes, I am a complete and utter muggle. I watched this movie for the first time last night, and was delighted, enthralled, and totally taken in by the ending. The kids act better than your average kid actor, (Draco Malfoy gave me chills) and the adult actors fit their roles perfectly. Robbie Coltrane is priceless as the gentle giant, Hagrid. Wonderful fantcy for the young-at heart.
Deleted scenes -- why make me work for them? WARNING! The DVD claims to have 7 deleted scenes. You cannot access these scenes directly from the menu; instead, you will have to maze through an extremely poor "interactive tour" of the Harry Potter world to get to the deleted scenes. It took me about 30 minutes to do. What's worse, since DVD's can't "save" state, you'll have to do this every time you want to watch the deleted scenes. This is just an irresponsible thing to do on a product consumers spend money for. As a free feature on a website, maybe. But on a DVD, no.
Great Movie, Lousy Packaging This movie has gorgeous cinemetography. The script is light and fluffy, much like the first book of the series (like The Hobbit vs. The Lord of the Rings trilogy). I found the movie very enjoyable (4 stars). The dvd's were packaged in a cheap, cheezy paper box slipped into an even cheezier paper box (1 star). The package wasn't sealed... You have to be careful how you hold the box or the disks can fall out onto the ground. I only got the movie to add to my collection, and was very disappointed to see it come in such cheap packaging. ..
Wonderful Fantasy for Children and Adults alike. This is a great movie, it has the excapeism that everyone loves and the adventure we often lack in our own lives. It is wonderful to sit down and excape into this movie. You soon feel you know the characters personally, if you have read any of the books then you are waiting on pins and needles for the new one to be released.The same goes for the next movie, it seems 1 yr. is almost to much, but when it is released and you have seen it at least 4 dozen times it is all worth the wait. I know I am counting the days and re-reading the books I have.
Worth every penny! In love with this. It was worth every penny to me especially if your an Ulimate Harry Potter Fan! The extras and documentary had me intrigued and fasinated all the way through, way more extras than I orginally thought it would too! Only thing with the package I got is that the book thats included actaully came out to be a misprint and the cover and the pages of the book are reversed...so you have to read it backwards kinda thing, which sucks but im not heavly complaining since I'm probably one of the few that got this misprint edition. LOL
Amazing, not what I expected at all Usually when a film get's all the publicity and hype this one did it turns out dissappointing, especially when it's a children's movie. I can honestly say I didn't expect much out of it, I know the books are meant for kids which didn't help my opinion. Now I am secretly anticipating the second film. Although the target audience is 8years plus, I strongly feel that people of all ages will, and have been enjoying this film immensly. Be sure to get the widescreen version however, in the full screen, you are really missing a lot of visuals!
Okay, I'll admit it - I wish there was really a Hogwart's. I went into this movie thinking it was going to be terrible - but I was instantly whisked away into the fantasy world of Harry Potter. After seeing the movie, I read all the books, and am, whether I like it or not, a fan of the HP series. The DVD is great - there's lots of extras that you'll enjoy finding. I'm still discovering new bits myself! If you liked the books, this is a very good representation - very true to the story. And, it's great for adults and kids, though it might be a bit scary for very young children.
Oh yeah! I am surprised and pleased at the outcome of this movie. I certainly relished reading the books because of the pictures I could paint in my mind, but I also enjoyed watching those characters come to life. I thought Ron, Harry, and Hermione were perfect for their roles! As a teacher, I can only hope the movie will inspire more kids to read the remainder of the books. To those people who think this inspires witchcraft....read it with an open mind! This is a book about fantasy. It does not promote evil in any way, shape or form...
Charming Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone is a charming movie, just like its conterpart book. The movie is beautiful and the graphics excellent. Each of the characters are wonderfully crafted. My only complaint is that the girl who plays Hermoine is far too pretty. Hermoine was not a pretty girl. Most importantly, the plot sticks closely to the book. I was very impressed with the young actors. They bring the combination of childishness and craft which such roles demand. The DVD is wonderful, with tons of interesting extras.
Enjoyable fun for everyone Even though I had so many good things about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I had my resverations about it. I bought the DVD when it was first released and never got around to watching it so when it came on a HBO Saturday night I watched it and I enjoyed the film. Chris Columbous has made his best film since the oringial Home Alone, a film that everyone can enjoy. The film is great on the acting and the special effects. The Quigwich match was really exicting and I've looked forward to all the Harry Potter films ever since.
Not Just for Kids Yes I waited in a long line to watch Harry Potter at the movies, and I also bought the DVD and I am 25. It is a great movie for everyone of any age. Going to the movies was a great experience because kids were dressed up and ready and excited. Now the DVD lives up to the fun. Hours of extras are included as you navigate through a number of puzzles. Once you complete the puzzles only then are the extras found. The movie itself has a great feel. Both picture and sound quality are excellent. I highly recommend Harry Potter.
Magical I'm not a kid. I read the books and was hooked with this fantastic world. I have played the movie to people my age and older (34+) and they have run to buy the books. For those of you who think that the movie could not be better than or come close to the book...you are in for a surprise. The movie(s) will never be like the book(s). If they were the same it would be called a "MINISERIES". Great imagination, superb scenarios, decent effects...who cares about the acting?...this is pure enterntainment.
Excellent product! Okay! I must admit i am a fan of Harry Potter. I love this Ultimate Edition! It is a simple yet beautifully created set that has the consumers in mind - behind the scenes, bonus card, photo book, interviews etc. It gives us extra hours of indulgence into the world of Harry Potter. For the publisher/distributor who is reading this and has promised us more ultimate editions in the same series to come, please ensure that you do so! I would love to have all seven (or eight?) sets proudly lined up on my shelf. Love it!!!
A wonderful story If you've read the book first, you will still really enjoy this detailed and wonderful account of Harry Potter and his new adventures in a magical world within our world. I have read and listened to the books-on-tape, and I really enjoyed the film. The acting was excellent. A different kind of role for Richard Harris ("A Man Called Horse" and "Man in the Wilderness"). The brick wall on Diaganon Alley was a brilliant piece of special effect work. This is a film that you can watch again and again.
Better than I expected. A classic tale of good verses evil. The boy who survived an attack that killed his mother and father would grow to be a great wizard some day. After being raised by his aunt and uncle who treat him less than nice, Harry gets an invitation to go to Hogworth School of Wizardry. Good adaptation from novel. Not good for small children who are easily scared and have a problem setting still during movies. With its length being over 2 and 1/2 hours long, I suggest this movie for children ages 8 and up as well as adults.
Great book-to-movie adaptation "You're a wizard, Harry." -- Hagrid I first saw this movie in cinemas when it came out. I had read all of the books released at the time and I thought it was a fantastic adaptation. There was great casting for Richard Harris as Dumbledore, Ian Hart as Quirrel, Maggie Smith as McGonagal, Alan Rickman as Snape, Daniel Radcliffe as Harry, Rupert Grint as Ron and Emma Watson as Hermione. The screenplay was beautifully written by Steve Kloves. J.K. Rowling must be proud. Colombus did fantastic work as a director too.
Stunning...lives up to the book and than some! In this enchanting film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's delightful bestseller, Harry Potter learns on his 11th birthday that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards and posseses magical powers of his own. At Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime. He learns the high-flying sport Quidditch and plays a thrilling game with living chess pieces on his way to face a Dark Wizard bent on destroying him. For the most extraordinary adventure, see you on Platform 9 3/4!
The book was Great and now the movie is even Greater I am not one for special effects. Actually i hate them. After working at Radio City Music Hall and seeing special effects done live and seeing real entertainment special effects in movies is worthless and is usually a cover-up for poor acting and untalanted actors. But i digress. Every-so-often there is an acception and this film is it. It's wonderful! Pure enjoyment! Fun & exciting, following as close to the book as i've ever seen. A perfect addition to my collection of DVD's. Please make it your also.
A great Movie (or, How I became a Potterhead!) Prior to seeing the movie on DVD, I had never seen this movie in the theater, nor read any of J.K. Rowling's books in the series. The movie was great. It follows the book as religiously as possible, particularly for the genre. The special effects were nearly perfect and story line held my interest, enough to go back and buy and read all four of the Harry Potter books. I am not only looking forward to the characters' next term at Hogwarts', but I am looking forward to the next movie in the series as well.
Harry Potter Review!!! I think that this film is really great! This film is for anyone who had dreams and thought could never come true. Even though none of anybody is a Wizard or a Witch you will still love this film. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is full of many great actor and actresses, including Robbie Coltrane, Dame Maggie Smith and much much more. The director of this film is Chris Columbus also the dircetor of Home Alone 3, Stepmum and many more!! So I think anyone is able to watch this film and love it!!!
A good movie, and an enjoyable evenings viewing. My wife just reread the whole series of books, but has never seen it in film. She was happy with the interpretation, from book to screen, It was good enough to get and keep the attention of my 15y old daughter as well.
Good movie, but the DVD was dissappointing What was the point of 2 DVDs? I find the 2nd DVD kinda pointless. All there really is to see is drawings and some deleted scenes, the rest is just a whole game. I think this DVD was just made to make more money for the WB, because everyone will want to buy this, and then they'll release a specail edition or director's cut DVD later, and everyone will go buy that one too. I'm not saying it'll happen, it's just my theory. I only reccomend you buy this if you really, really liked this movie.
I Enjoyed Harry Potter I was real reluctant to go see this movie. My husband sort of made me but in the end I was really suprised and glad that I seen it. It was a harmless adventuress kind of movie. I have heard many things about this film. It was said that this movie is filled with witchcraft and it is true that magic and witches are in this film, but nothing too suggestive or eerie. My son is 7months but I think he may enjoy this film when he turn 3 or so. Its cute and Harry Potter is a cutie too. One Love
When they said "hours of extra footage"... When they said that there was going to be about 2 hours of extra footage...I thought that they meant that there was going ot be about 2 hours of extra scenes. The extra scenes were too short, and I KNOW that there are still more scenes that they just didn't show. This really got me angry. But I also think that this was a really good DVD. The other extra features that they had were a little boring, and some of them were un-needed. But the movie was just like it was in theaters. AWESOME!
Campy and charming There is no denying the first installment is visually the weakest, and a lot of the performances are sub par but that's what makes it charming. Director Chris Colombus once again proves why he's the go-to guy when it comes to child actors and does a great job establishing the world of Harry potter along with the tone of the early books.
nicely done One of the best adaptations from a book. I enjoyed watching this with my sons when it first came out in the theaters. Watching it now brings back the memories of time spent with my boys who are pretty much grown and out of the house now.
Not a blockbuster , but still very fun In short, 'HP' Sorcerer's Stone felt like an '80's movie, ahead of it's time; not the blockbuster others consider it. I feel the Special Effects were weak given the time and budget. That said, it's still a good film and I like the main characters - Harry, Ron, Hagrid and Dumbledore (no, I'm not a big Hermione nor McGonagoll fan.) At the end of the day, 'Sorcereer's Stone was a good start to the seven movie franchise.
A brilliant british film. The Harry Potter film was released on the 11th May over here in England. I hadn't seen it at the movies, and was eagerly anticipating it's release on video. It was worth the wait! I had previously read the books, and was hoping the film wouldn't ruin it. Thankfully it didn't, as I can now imagine the characters when I read the books. Daniel, Rupert and Emma were all brilliant considering their age. I can't wait for the next installment, both the movie and the book.
Novel adapted to the big screen Unfortunately, many people don't understand the penalties novels converted to screenplay will incur. So many were originally published on paperback, appealed to a wide audience and ended up being a classic, have since seen a producer attempting to do the same justice to it on the big screen. If every scene and every detail were to be reflected onto screenplay, then a movie could extend to many more hours than most would be willing to endure for a children's story. The inverse is also true. A movie originally written for the screen would require additional efforts by writers to convert a script into a novel. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a children's classic. The script writers did an excellent job of converting the original classic to something that is manageable, viewable and enjoyable to the wider audience. This is a movie well worth keeping in your video/DVD library and one which is sure to delight kids of all ages, as classics often do. Highly recommended.
Amazing Movie! What a great movie! I love the storyline and how the main details from the book were able to be portrayed to cinematic perfection! We watch this every couple of months and it never gets old. Amazing movie!
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Harry Potter is so cool.Why? Because the books are tottaly the best of all of the books I've ever read!! And you don't even want to think of all the books I read. OOH! Sorry, got off the subject! I am impressed about how good the movies were, but they missed tons of things!! Like, the troll was so obviously fake!! But who am I to critique?? I think the movie makers did a good job. If you read this please and know when the 5th Harry Potter book is coming out write a review and I'll try to find it, Thanks, BYE.
DVD missing scenes!!! I am most distressed to find that the "Widescreen Special Edition" DVD I purchased is missing numerous small scenes-scenes that are integral to understanding the story!! I have also noticed missing scenes in both the Chamber of Secrets and the Prisoner of Azkaban, which are "Special Editions" as well. I, for one, will purchase no more Harry Potter DVD's until this practice stops. I am quite disgusted with the Harry Potter marketers and producers--I feel that I have been cheated out of my money. When JK Rowling et al begin selling unabridged products, I will consider purchasing her movies again. The movies themselves are good; the DVD's are an outright rip-off. BUYER BEWARE!!! Disappointed fan
Closet Harry Potter Fan Being 18 and liking Harry Potter makes many of my peers laugh, but I don't care. Harry Potter is awesome for all ages. Having read all of the published books, I greatly anticipate each new movie. "The Sorcerer's Stone" is the first installment in what is sure to be an acclaimed series. Owning the movie will start a collection that will be priceless someday. I definitley recommend this movie to all Potter fans and to those who are young at heart!
harry potter and the philosopher's stone i think that this movie is a very good movie,but anit that good but good.i like it when hermione comes out at the first time,she was well rude but i like it.in this movie theres some sad,happy,scary bits that make me like this film.its very good indeed.the first time i saw this movie,i thought it will be very boring,but when i've finished watching it,i think it was quite good. (i really want this to be 4 and a half star,but i dont know how to do it)
... big Harry Potter fan and the streaming quality was excelent. I am a big Harry Potter fan and the streaming quality was excelent.
Fantastic When Roger Ebert said this was the Wizard of Oz of today I thought he was crazy. Now that I have seen the movie I couldn't agree more. I haven't read any of the books so the movie was completely new to me. Watching this film was a complete and total joy. The storyline is genius, the setting is magical, the actors do a great job and the special effects are pleasing to the eye. I can't wait for the sequel. I now understand why the books are so popular.
Loved It! I have not read any of the books and had no interest in the film when it came out because I didn't understand what all the hype was about. Now I do. I absolutely loved this movie. Wonderful special effects, brilliant costumes, and a very charming and likeable cast make this one of the best films of the year. Its magical,clever,engaging,funny, and exciting. Theres not a dull moment in this film and I can't wait for the second installment.
The boy who lived! I Love the whole Harry Potter collection. The Sorcerer's Stone was put together nicely. As Harry learns he is a wizard, to meeting the other two friends who would play a huge part in his quest to avenge the darkest wizard alive.
[...] This is my fav movie. I think that all of you should know about afterhogwarts dot com. I think if you really want to continue reading the series you should check it out. I don't know why more people don't know about it. But I thought I would share. It's the best read thats out there. [...]
Extended version not really necessary We hoped that the extended version would include backstory about the making of the movie, but instead in included a unapproved biography of J.K. Rowling, very Hallmark channel. If it's more expensive, just order the regular version. The movie totally delivers. Great special effects. Beware to kiddos that are easily scared. You-know-who makes an appearance and caused one of my kiddos to cover her eyes until the scene was over.
For children and adults alike Harry Potter is a fabulous series of books! The writing is excellent, the characters real, the wizarding world believable. I've read them over and over, yet they are still hard to put down. The Sorcerers Stone is one of my favorites.
Mediocre but good entertainment While it could have been better, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone on screen is not bad. There are many things to complain about, such as mediocre acting and poor directing; but generally the movie stayed true to the book and as an introduction to what will probably be seven Harry Potter movies, it serves pretty well. The star was lost for the plain old movie messups, which has nothing to do with JK Rowling at all.
Excellent. A wonderful adaptation from the book to the movie by Chris Columbus. If you have read the books this is a most see movies and if you haven't read any of the books this will be a wonderful start for your collection. Wonderfull use of cgi and never seen before images in a two disc set. You have and interactive disc with games. And a perfect gift for your son or niece if they are into the whole Harry Potter books.
Fascinating, just wanted it to go on & on!! My Husband and I loved it! We read all four novels. Looking forward to the fifth. When the movie came out on DVD we bought it instantly! And have watched it numerous times. The movie is just like the book. We only wished it didn't end there. Leaves you wanting to see more. The characters are true to form. Graphics are fabulous. The next question is, "When does the sequel come out on DVD?!"
WONDERFUL FILM I loved this film!!!! The special effects were wonderful.I espesially liked the acting. Every detail was exactly how I had pictured (even the Quidditch feild if you can believe it).I only have one complaint.They mainly focused on Harry,Ron, and Hermione.It would have been better if they put Fred and George more in the movie. They really bring a funny element to the books, they should also with the the movie.
... i live my life until now) but I'm so glad I did it's so amazing I've never seen this movie (i know i know how did i live my life until now) but I'm so glad I did it's so amazing! The standard definition is an ok screening so you might wanna splurge and buy the hd version.
great movie-- disk 2 not win XP compatible I bought the DVD for the extra footage. The fact that I have to play games to get to the footage would be annoying enough even if they didn't crash my computer or make my mouse disappear when I tried to play. Additionally I don't like the way to see the movie itself you have to install their stupid dvd player which then takes over anytime I try to play any other dvd. I loved the movie though.
great movie this movie , as well as the rest of the series, is not just for children. the actors fit the book characters perfectly-you will not be disappointed. my favorite is by far alan rickman's professor severus snape, potions master and former death eater. he is elegant, sophisticated and downright sexy. my only criticism of the movie series is that they do not make enough use of mr. rickman's talent in the susequent movies.
Perfect Movie for the Young or Young at Heart! For anyone who has read the Harry Potter Books, this was as true to the book as you could get! I was not only impressed but found that I can not wait for the second movie to come out! Bravo to Chris Columbus and J.K. Rowlings! Beautifully done! I was excited the entire time and found myself with tears of joy in my eyes at the end! You have made me a Harry Potter Addict - And I Love It!! The "Feel Good" Movie of the Year!!
good enough to make you read the books Thinkg this was only for children I came in with low expectations left with anew favorite movie. Harry Potter tells the story of a young boy who doesnt realize it yet but is a great wizard. When he gets to Hogwarts academy for wizards extrimly strange things begin to happen, including a evil uncle which wants to destroy Harry for good. I am excited about the new one to see what will happen next.
A great story Finally a movie that shows in a great way the story of a so sold book.... I like very much the whole saga so that I waited for this movie since i began reading: well i'm waiting for the second now. I advise the DVD not to the kids only(you can also read the books to your kids etc) , cause it's a story that makes you dream and it's, in my opinion, a very nice escape to everyday's life....
LOVE the book, movie was OK I saw the movie before ever reading a single book. I liked it I supposed, but it was just OK. After reading the book, I did find that the movie was pretty much spot on in regards to translating it from book to screen. The characters were perfectly cast I thought and I loved the score. I am still a huge HP fan regardless so I will watch this movie again and again if I happened to catch it on TV.
Never gets old! I have literally watched this movie over and over again. Wonderful acting, drama, adventure, etc. Each time you watch it, you notice things you haven't before. Can't wait for the next one to come out. I do believe that both movies are a little scary for children...that is why I gave it 4 stars. I would wait to show this movie to children until they are at least 13. Otherwise...enjoy!
Great for all ages Wonderfully done movie for all ages and the cast is well put together! We recently bought this movie and really enjoyed it. Not much to say about the second disc though as it didn't live up to our expectations. Not only is it slow to manuver through but the interviews were short and rather dull. Definetly look for the deleted scenes on the second disc though as they are worth finding.
Very Good Movie. This movie is scary every once in a while. But it's not a waste of time. You will love this movie when you see it. It's worth lots of watches. So if your home or at boring old work and your reading my review, then get up and go rent this movie. Your missing out on one of the best movies in the world. Running Time: 122 Minutes Rating: PG for Mild Language and Some Scary Moments
A step above the rest Initially I wasn't sure if I would enjoy this film, particularly since it was a kids film. In an age where special effects compensate for poor dialogue and lousy acting, this film manages to not only depict adequate acting talent, but utilizes the special effects to mesmerizing detail. Overall, it is an enjoyable film to be viewed for years to come and is worthy of a purchase.
Special features are lame The movie? Well, you already know about that. It's worth the price. I was hoping to be wowed with the creativity of the special features. And why not, they take up an entire DVD all to themselves. Unfortunately, the special features on the 2nd DVD are really lame! I can't believe how cheesy the games are. My kids played it once, and I'll bet it never goes back in the DVD player.
GREAT FUN FOR THE READER/VIEWER This was great fun for the viewer who has read the books. Can't wait for the remainder of the movies to be released. For those who say that HARRY POTTER is evil, I say: get a life, get a grip, get an education, hide your ignorance and quit spreading your religio-cult fanatic fantasies around to simply scare others because you are too terrified to live life in the actual real world.
Harry Potter's video is Great!! Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone is a great addition to the earlier written book. My recomendations are to read the book first then watch the movie as an added visual. The movies recreates the book just as I had pictured it while reading it. I think this is a must for everyone especially the ones who have read the series. Can't wait for November when the next one comes out!!
a great movie and faithful to the book. For those that haven't read the book, the movie is complete and self-explainatory and you probably won't feel "lost". The extra game you have to navigate in order to see the deleted scenes is a bit of a pain, however. Once suffered through, the scenes are worth the trouble but it would have been nice to have the option of merely viewing the scenes alone.
Not better than Lord of the Rings, but I still loved it Yes, I did read all four books and loved 'em all. J.K. Rowling has a great imagination. I would think it would be tough to think up ideas like that and write them down. I've tried to write short stories that I think off the top of my head, and I don't even have the patience. So I definately give Rowling props for doing an awesome series, and agreeing to make a great movie.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone - Widescreen Special Ed. I love this movie and all the ones that have followed. But in this one, the characters on the screen were just as I had pictured them when I was reading the book. And when one sees the next 2 films,(or beter yet read the next 5 books) the characters become like friends that you have grown up with. This series is not just for young people. They can been enjoyed by all ages.
suprising i went to this movie at the urging of my fiance'. i took her to see it, sat back thinking this was just going to be an over-hyped kiddie flick. i was surprised to find that i actually found myself liking the movie. it wasnt as childish as i thought. Harry's fat-slob Uncle and Alan Rickman as the potions teacher made the movie. im glad i gave it a fair chance. good FX too.
Is it two sided or not? I have looked at this product in the store since the December 11th re-release and the box doesn't say anything about special features. I wouldn't mind if the DVD is two sided, but I don't want to buy it without the same special features the original release had. If I knew it had the special features, I would buy it from Amazon. Can anyone tell me if it has them?
Must see for all ages This movie was a must see for any age. Great for kids to stimulate their imagination and great for adults to wake up imaginations that may have been asleep for some time. The acting is surprisingly good for new young actors and the setting is amazing it feels so real. Don't miss this one. It's worth the usual $20 for a DVD and I rarely spend that much on any movie
not up my alley, but very true to the book! I just don't personally care for the harry potter series. but my sister a die hard harry potter fan, says this movie is true! i thought the acting was horrible... but, as far as following the series, this movie hits it on the nose. brings all those cool things from the book and makes them a reality, i just couldn't bring myself to give the 4th star...
The first and still the best I watched this movie a decade ago when it first came out, and just watched it again with the family, after having already seen all of the other movies in the series. I would say that this first movie is easily still the best. Unlike the increasing darkness of the sequels, this movie mixes the scary parts with a certain cheeriness. There's a genuine sense of wonder and excitement, drawing on so many elements of British culture and history, and we get to experience it vicariously through Harry. And of course the special effects are also excellent, even after all these years. Highly recommended, and suitable for everyone above about 10 years old.
How to get deleted scenes without all the fuss. Ok as some of you have found out by now, it is really hard to find the deleted scenes. There is an 8 step process using the DVD menu to get there, or you can use this short cut. Put your DVD in the player then hit stop. OK now go to track 77. I say again go to track 77. There you will find 7 deleted scenes. Swish and Flick, it's like magic.
Great Movie, disappointing DVD Definitely the movie gets the 4 stars, but the DVD isn't all that. I was really expecting some great "easter eggs" and some really cool special features since the movie debuted just as the DVD's are really becoming the standard. Nothing in the special features are anything special. The Shrek DVD is much better with cool karoke.
No brainer I have all the HD-DVD movies. All of them are superb. HD-DVD may be down and out, but that also translates into cheaper HD movies. Unless you plan on surrendering your HD-DVD player, you can't go wrong with the HD-DVD Harry Potter movies. The picture quality is just too good. My sound system is currently dead, so I can't say much on sound.
A wonderful adaptation This is a fun light hearted movie that shows kids being kids and yet aspiring to great achievments. It follows the book quite accurately. The actors who were choosen for the parts were sublime in their protrails of pre-existings characters, especialy Hermoine, and the sets were divine. it is moving and paced and for all ages. Have fun
Ultimate Blue Ray DVD Series for Harry Potter Movies The first in the series and worth the money now. The additional DVD of behind the scenes work and directors comments add immensely to the value of this Blue Ray. I am curious about what the next Ultimate Blue Ray will have in it that has not been seen before. Of course that goes on for the rest of the series as they become available.
The special features live up to the quality of the movie I really felt that this DVD lived up to what I had hoped it would be. While the movie was excellent and caused me to read the entire series, I had high hopes for the DVD. I was not disappointed. The extra features that require you to go through Diagon Alley and Hogwarts were a treat and captured the playful essence of this fun movie.
Amazon HD Instant Video Review Great family movie, but terrible quality. Read other reviews if you are interested in the actual plot. This review is for the Amazon streaming video service for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I am streaming from my PS3 to a 1080p 50" plasma tv for our family movie night. Usually I love deep blacks, but the digital streaming version that Amazon is currently offering is WAY too dark. The entire opening scene along with several other were so dark that as our family watched, we couldn't even see what was happening - Dumbledor [sp?] dropping Harry off as baby - Hagrid at lighthouse - any and all night scenes - forest scenes. Understandably the streaming "HD" is nowhere near blu-ray, and for this price don't expect it. All in all, Amazon needs to invest in a new version of this movie to stream that doesn't have such a dark playback. Should a "lighter" version become available for streaming I would gladly adjust my review and give 4 stars. 5 stars if they can get "HD" a bit closer to the blu-ray experience. Rent/purchase at your own risk. At this point I think we might just purchase the blu-ray, the streaming experience in its current state is just a waste of time and money.
So like the book! My mom bought me this movie thanks to being a very big HP fan. The only complaint I have about it...not long enough!! I was disappointed when it was over! I saw it twice in the theater and watch it over and over again thanks to having it on DVD. Love it & love all the characters in the movie..they look just like I imagined!
Wonderful to watch it in Blu-ray I am slowly updating my DVDs to Blu-ray. I really loved both the Harry Potter books and movies. The books are always better, but the collection of Harry Potter films are wonderful. Each movie has done a wonderful job at capturing the essence of the books. I will never get tired of watching these movies....and now in Blu-ray! Yippee!
A Fun Romp through the First Year... This movie is fun, but a bit jumbled. I think they had a bit of difficulty getting everything into the movie they wanted, and they lost some of the coherence of the book's story because of it. However, I would forgive the movie for this, since you still get to visit Hogwarts, meet Dumbledore, and see an owl deliver the mail.
Do you have a wizard in training in your house? For those of you who have wizards and/or witches in training in your house you cannot go wrong. Perfect for younger kids as the violence and scary quotient is very low. Plus its lots of fun for adults to watch too. But of course like any other great film after the 50th time viewing in one week this can get tiresome fast.
Cool Harry This Movie is great for kids to watch!! Younger children might get scared. THis movie is great and there are no downsids to it. for 31/2 hours long it is worth it!!! This one is just the first of seven-i can't wait for the next! Harry is a kid that finds out he is a wizard and of to Hgwarts he goes!! I wo't spoil it for you though, this video rocks!!!
Great start to a great series After seeing this again so many years after it first came out, this time with my 9 year old son who is devouring the books, it is so much better with time. Knowing the history of these characters, both on and off screen, the film that started it all (in visual form) is layered with meaning. The film is true to the book in the smallest and most critical details. A joy to watch and to share with your family.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This is the movie that set the tone for the series. It is a masterful piece of directing--adapted from J. K. Rowling's book. The actors were well-cast for their roles and aside from the children, I think Snape's character is the best. After wearing out my VHS copy of this movie, I'm happy to now have the DVD version.
Harry Potter ulitimate edition of the Sorcerer's Stone I think it was one of the very best series of movies any one has ever made because as many times I've seen the movies of the series,I still get excited because I see things I didn't see before and I love it and well always think it is the best series of movies ever made today.
We enjoyed the first two harry potter movies We do not have children so we were looking for entertainment. This is a great pick because it was made as interesting and adventurous as the book. You get to know a little bit about Harry and his family.And, how he fits into a destiny. Adventure begins. We enjoy pulling it out and watch again. Maybe you will too.
Go Daniel Radcliffe.......this movie is awsome! I like this movie. Daniel Radcliffe totally looked like Harry Potter, so did Emma and Rupert. I think that the actors made this movie come together. They really fitted the character's descriptions. Another great movie, and I love movies that were made because the books were awsome. J.K. Rowling must be pleased!!
Didn't read the books I would love to read the books but haven't had time, so we got the movie instead. I love it and my infant daughter seems to love it too (I think she likes the music and the children's voices) My 10 year old niece tells me there are some differences, but as a 38-old "kid at heart", I loved the movie!
Enjoyable I enjoyed watching this first feature film of the Harry Potter Books, but I believe until the next movie the actors and actress's were more accustomed to the character they were portraying. Otherwise I enjoyed it throughly and I can't tell you how many times I took pleasure in watching The Sorcerer's Stone.
Best Movie of 2001! I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was the best movie I've seen recently. The academy award didn't nominate this as best picture. Are they crazy? Anyways I can't wait till the DVD comes out. Remember November 15th, 2002 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets comes out! I love this movie. That's all I have to say.
Great Set but PLEASE Amazon get your details right This is an amazing set. I have the first two ultimate editions of the Harry Potter series. The only problem I have is with the information on the Amazon site regarding this product. The discs are region free and not Region A or Region 1 as Amazon states. Please update your product information Amazon.
DVD disappointing for MAC users For those of us who own a Mac, we will not be able to view the extra scenes. I found this very disappointing. To buy a DVD which states there will extra scenes on the DVD and to not have the opportunity to enjoy them. This is a fairy tale. I rate the actual movie 4 1/2 stars, the DVD 2 stars.
So much less than the book For a film with this running time, I would have expected a faithful rendition of the book. Instead, the director seems to have placed wierd emphases on the smallest things and dropped others that made more sense. Rowling is a great storyteller with a fine sense of pace and a great way of letting us see through Harry's eyes as he discovers the rich world of his birthright that he's just being exposed to. The film gives very little sense. of that. If they'd been more faithful to Rowling's pacing, things would have worked out a lot better. The wild ride through Gringotts would have been great fun. Dumbledore did not work at all for me and the ending was just altered for no good reason. Overall I'm very disappointed.
Outstanding cast, top-drawer special effects... ... and J.K. Rowling's exceptional sense of humor all make this a keeper. I wonder why Chris Columbus & Co. deleted the Deleted Scenes, though: they were all on a par with the rest, some of them added plot points, and the seven of them together probably totaled less than five minutes.
I loved it i wasn't a harry potter fan i actually sort of hated it and didn't know why every one liked it so much one day i went to the movies and the movie i wanted to see was soldout so i saw harry potter and it was really good then i started reading the books and now i'm a big harry potter fan.
Not really extended The stars are for the movie and the quality of the picture. This version loses stars from the original version because it is not truly an extended version. It seems to be just the original film with the deleted scenes (included in the standard version) just put back into the main film. Nothing new and the inclusions don't add anything at all.
TIGHT! AND NO IM NOT A WITCHCRAFT BELIEVER. THIS MOVIE IS TIGHT. I LIKE THE EFFECTS OF THE MOVIE.PEOPLE ARE OVERREACTING ABOUT THIS MOVIE AND THE FACT THAT IT HAS MAGIC IN IT, THEY THINK IT IS EVIL,THEY JUST TRIPPIN TO TRIP. HAS ANYONE SEEN HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS YET? ITS REALLY GOOD!
This is my FAVORITE Harry Potter film! I love all the mystery and wonder of the FIRST YEAR at Hogwart's, all the introductions of the characters in this new world, and seeing Harry's reactions to the magic he can do! After all the films (so far up to the Order of the Phoenix) this one is STILL my favorite! Wonderful!
Good intro to the Harry Potter movies I recently viewed this, the first in the Harry Potter series of movies - it had been years since I'd first watched it and wondered how has it held up since its release and the subsequent movies have been released? Overall the movie holds up well - the effects were well done so no issues of "that just looks so limited compared to today" like you might see with other effects-laden movies after a number of years. And it struck me again how closely it followed the book. What limited me to 3 stars (I would give it 3-1/2 if Amazon allowed half-stars) was the fact that, especially compared to the later movies, the movement of the storyline was not as smooth. I think that was due largely to having so much of Rowling's imaginative world to present and at the same time keeping the movie length to something the younger set could sit through. Yes, the story is there and follows the book closely, but at times it does have somewhat of a "oh here's another aspect of life with magic and at Hogwarts we need to present..." jumpiness to it. So overall, 3 stars, definitely worth viewing. I'm sure in a few years I'll watch it (and the other HP movies) again.
Faithful protrayal When I first saw the film in the movies, I didn't like it. However, on seeing it again on DVD no less it actually isn't too bad. The cuts from the book were intelligent ones that did not detract from the story. Certainly it is quality above most films out there.
Amazing Film Great Film! I loved everything to the last bit. I though the acting was the best with an allstar performance from the adult vets to the young newcomers. I especially liked Daniel Radcliffe who played Harry. He's so cute and I just want to eat him up to peices.
If you need a lift from real life - this movie will do it A delighful movie for the 21st century... it surely fits, like The Wizzard Of Oz did for the 20th century. I viewed my new dvd on my new wide screen tv and I was facinated with joy and good feelings. Entertainment at its best to escape an unsatisfactory day.
Exactly what I expected Product was shrink-wrapped as advertised. We've enjoyed watching it already. It was a Christmas gift. It was the only Potter-series movie that we lacked. Delivery was excellent; arrived on Christmas Eve as advertised, via UPS.
Harry Potter movie fan This movie is wonderful for the young and young-at-heart alike. Harry is full of innocence and a desire for good despite the horrible treatment he has received for 11 years. The entire film is full of the "magic" of love and triumph of good over evil!
It's always a magic trip. The magic is back again after so many years without a good story that this generation could relate to other than the fairy tales from the past. Harry Potter has captivated audiences all over the world and it is great to see kids interest in his books.
Pleasantly Surprised When the Harry Potter books came out, I was not one of the ones who rushed to the bookstores to read it. In fact, I didn't even bother. A fantasy story about child magicians? Pish posh, I'm more into books on the level of Tolkien, I thought to myself oh-so-proudly. I'm a decade too old to read children's fiction, I also thought to myself. When the movie came out, I was one of the ones who didn't feel the slightest inkling to go see it. But while I browsed through the shelves of the local video store looking for a light movie to watch, I decided to give Harry Potter a try. I was impressed, as was my husband. Halfway through the video we were cheering Harry on and were absolutely glued to the screen. The next day we went to the video store, this time to buy the DVD. I was pleasantly surprised at how a story, geared for children, could hold and capture my attention. It was absolutely delightful. I think "delightful" is the best word to describe this movie. The special effects don't detract from the plot, but help to further move it along. The effects do their job and suck you into the world of Harry Potter. This is truly a rare kind of movie, the kind that adults and children alike can enjoy watching together. There is nothing too deep that children can't understand and there is nothing trite or painfully childish that adults will get bored of. The thought and imagination that went into the story is brilliant. The innocence of this film is something children will appeal to and adults can appreciate. People of all ages will find entertainment in this film. Watching this film was a lovely experience for me. I relived sparks of childhood wonder I felt years ago from reading and watching books and films such as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Absolutely refreshing and delightful.
Here he comes, the birthday boy! With Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince recently released in theaters, I thought it was appropriate to look back at Harry Potter's film legacy, and I'll be damned if there's a better place to start than with the original. I remember when this film came out in theaters. My mom literally took me out of school to go to the premiere, and we were the second group in line with about a billion people behind us. I was a Potter nut, like most kids were at the time, and I was insanely excited to see this movie. I wasn't disappointed at all. The film tells the story of Sorcerer's Stone in a nearly flawless fashion. Sure, there are things left out, but it's a book-to-film ADAPTION, not translation. The film still keeps all of the important and best parts and creates some pretty classic moments for itself. The entire flim was very well done, and they couldn't have picked better actors for the leads. Snape did a particularly good job of capturing the character, as did Emma Watson when it came to Hermione Granger. In case you've been living under a rock, the story of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is about a neglected child whose parents are dead and is forced to live with his aunt, uncle, and abusive cousin. However, he finds out that he is actually a wizard, and he goes to attend school at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy. He discovers the secrets within Hogwarts and gets to know all of the colorful characters within its walls. The plot plays out brilliantly and the acting is spot-on for the most part, so why couldn't Sorcerer's Stone nab that perfect five stars? Well, it's the special effects. Now, don't get me wrong, there are some very cool special effects like moving pictures, the goblins, floating candles, and all of that jazz, but there is a problem. The CGI, even though it's used sparingly, looks AWFUL! Honestly, they look like they were zapped out of a cut-scene for a PlayStation One video game. Eight years ago this may have worked, but the CGI techniques used here really haven't aged well. Plus, I hate CGI and don't approve of its use much at all anyway. Both the Harry Potter books and the Harry Potter film series will be forever immortalized in not only American culture but damn near every culture that covers this world. This film is definitely worth seeing and rewatching again and again, with the only problem being it hasn't really aged all that well.
Very good movie!!! It made me really love Harry! Very good movie! Better than I'd expected, considering that it's impossible to cram a long book into a two-hour movie. They did a very good job following the book as closely as they could. Oh, dear little Harry is soooo cute! I love how nice and thick his eyebrows are and I liked how his snub-nosed, wide-eyed, bespectacled face was so changeable and showed his loveable character clearly. Wow, I was sooo glad he got away from those awful Dursleys; he needed that break. I love how fantasy was blended in with reality, esp. the way it included issues of today's preteens. Harry's unassuming humility is endearing; the scene where Hagrid brings him into a Dickenson-like dim cafe to get into Diagon Alley and everyone turns to look at him is sooo funny! Once Harry starts to realize how famous he is, he can't stop blushing and his thick brows go up several notches, then he asks Hagrid in a bewildered voice, "Why am I famous?" Harry's so funny! The scene where Hagrid is telling him about Voldemort and his folks' death is interesting; when Hagrid mentions Voldemort, Harry looks over his shoulder nervously as if he expects the evil wizard to materialize behind him and I got the feeling he was getting goose bumps just hearing about Voldemort. I think it's neat that Harry befriends outgoing, gregarious Ron and talkative, logical Hermione. Harry's the quiet one of the group and around him, Hermione and Ron chatter on, bicker sometimes and socialize. Good thing Harry has them because along comes snobby Draco Malfoy to give him a hard time. I like how Harry, even though rather shy and sensitive, had the courage to stand up to Malfoy and was not about to butter him up just to be popular. The X-mas scene where Harry gets the gift from his parents, it's touching how surprised he is; Harry's eyes widen and he says, "I've got presents...?" when Ron points at his gift. A really moving scene was when Harry discovers the Mirror Of Eisle and sees his parents. Boy, does he almost cry! For a long minute, I really thought he was going to dissolve into tears right there in the chamber in front of the mirror; I could just see the tears beginning to form in his eyes and his thick brows twitch. I liked the Quidditch game; it was funny the way Harry watched the other players from his broom and his giveaway face reveals his disgust at the Slytherin players' dirty little tricks. I laughed when he nearly swallows the snitch and the announcer thinks he's about to throw up! It was so funny! Another really beautiful aspect of the film which made me cheer inside was that there are roughly and equal number of boys AND girls represented as both students and Quidditch players and women fairly represented as some of the teachers as well; the film and book didn't fall into the old tired trap of tokenism masquerading as "progress" like the Star Wars films did. I was also pleased to hear the Ginny Weasley is going to become more significant in future films and books. It's about high time we recognize that females make up a little over half of our world and they play just as important parts as males do. Best of all, Harry himself doesn't have the attitude of girls as the "other species" or any sexist attitudes the way too many boy characters in too many other stories do. Another thing to commend is that the movie is not violent; Harry gets bruised some and his hand is burned during his confrontation with Voldemort, but otherwise, there's no violence here. Way to go, J.K. Rowlings!!!
Too much work When the fourth book was released to so much hype, I wondered what it was about and made my way to the library. I was completely hooked. I'm 26 and don't have any kids, but I own all of the books, saw the movie in the theatre 3 time (in three differnt countries), and bought the DVD the day it came out. The movie itself is a great way to see the stuff I've imagined in my head. It stays faithful to the book, but doesn't really add anything. I almost always like the books better than the movies that are created from them, but there is usually something in the movie that is better than in the book. I didn't really find that with Harry Potter. But, this is still a movie worth owning. The acting is for the most part wonderful. I hope they can convince all of the actors to stay with this series to the end. It would be a shame to suddenly have a new Hagrid in part 4. My biggest complaint with the DVD is how much work the second disk is. I really wanted to see the 7 extra scenes, but they're not a menu listing anywhere on the DVD. I haven't figured it out yet because I haven't gone to all of the menu items. It might be fun for kids to navigate through all of this stuff, but I just want to see the scenes! J.K. Rowling did a wonderful job of making her books appeal to both kids and adults; the DVD makers should have done the same thing. My last comment is on the critism Harry Potter gets for being about witchcraft and wizardry. Anyone who opposes Harry Potter for being evil or non-Christian has obviously not read the books or has only taken them at face value. The stories really don't revolve around Harry being a wizard so much as they deal with Harry finding a place where he belongs. And this is something that every kid deals with.
More like 3 1/2 Ok Im a huge fan of the harry potter series. Altough My ultimate series is lord of the rings, harry potter was more laid back and funnier. First off, if you've read the book, this movie will be a let down. Daniel Ratcliff's performance was uninspiring and he really didn't put his heart into it. Not that im trashing him, but compared to watson and grint his acting was horrible. I later found out he was an expierenced actor and the other two were new comers. One thing that probably had to do with this was the fact that Ratcliff was actually asked to audition while the superiors were simply there on thier love of the book and their passion for making a name for themselves. The visuals were very nice. The movie was shot at cathedrals and the like, so the backdrops were breath taking. The costumes were good too. Another pet peeve I had was the many inconsistanties(did i spell that right?) with the book. One of um, were Hermoine was showing Harry the tropie of his father, it said that james was a seeker. Hullo he was a chaser! And whats with only one quidditch match! There are more but i don't want to get into them (Midnight duel was another inconsistantie) I realize they couldn't do the whole book, but all that advertiesing was...wrong. One more, I had to explain half of the movie to my parents cuz of the rearanged scenes and cut outs. The thing that gives this movie its 3 1/2 stars was the acting by Watson and Grint and Coltrain. They each portraid their characters perfectly and really felt out thier characters. The backdrops, costumes, and the basic story still gave this movie enough grounds with me to get a descent score. I will still get all of the other movies in the series cuz i do feel that Columbus will learn from his mistakes and I want to see grint and watson with expierence.
Enchanting, but will it withstand the test of time? I devoured the first four "Harry Potter" books--even driving over to a friend's house to borrow #4 when I couldn't find a place to buy a copy at 9 p.m., when I finished #3. "Not as good as the book" is such a cliche that, of course, I didn't expect the movie to be as good as the books. I was pleasantly surprised--until the end of the "Harry Potter" movie. We'll get to that in a moment. The look of the movie is just what I thought Hogwarts and Harry's world would look like. I love the cupboard under the stairs. I love the owl mail. I loved the Great Hall's ceiling change, and the different holiday decorations floating above the students' heads. The Quiddich match was fun to watch. Diagon Alley was more than I could take in. Watching the chocolate frogs jump around was a nice surprise. Wow! On reflection, the depth of the "Harry Potter" series comes in the later books, as Harry learns more about his parents, and the one whose name we shall not utter. The fun of the first book was the how Rowling created Harry's world. So in that sense, I think that the movie works well in recreating that world. After the previews came out, I read criticism that the movie did not appear "dark" enough, that Hogwarts appears to fresh and clean. Granted, the Quiddich scenes and the broom-riding lesson scene take place under bright sunny skies, but the interior scenes seem gothic enough to satisfy those wanting a darker look. The young actors chosen to play the three leads--Harry, Ron and Hermione--have a great chemistry. I hope that they will continue through the remaining movies. While I loved the movie, I do have a few criticisms. First of all, where was the Potions Room? Everyone I know who both read the book and saw the movie was disappointed that this room was left out. For those few who have done neither, I will back up a bit and explain. In "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," Harry, Ron and Hermione gradually put together that a mysterious package that Hagrid the Giant picks up at Gringotts Bank, a break-in at Gringotts, the warnings about staying off the third floor, and other incidents all seem to be related. Thus, as the novelty of Harry discovering the world of wizardry wears off, the movie delves more into this mystery. Ultimately, the trio decide they need to try to get past the various magical barriers to protect the Sorcerer's Stone. One of the strengths of the book was that this process involved critical talents of all three friends--Ron's chess playing, Hermione's riddle solving, and Harry, well, that would be giving away too much. Hermione's key contribution comes in the Potions Room, where she and Harry have to select from among several drinks--some poison--in order to advance closer to the Sorcerer's Stone. In the movie, however, Hermione merely recognizes the plant in which they are entangled--thanks to her overzealous studying--and explains what to do to get through. The scene merely enforces her being a "know-it-all." My other criticism is that, for all its wonderful "eye candy" qualities, "Harry Potter" seems to lack the warmth of "The Fellowship of the Ring." Perhaps had these two movies not premiered so close together, the comparison would not so immediately come to mind. Both deal with fantasy worlds in which magical creates and an unexpected, seemingly unpowerful hero emerge. Of the two, "The Fellowship of the Ring" shines as a classic that no doubt will stand the test of time. As for "Harry Potter," let's hope that the sequels develop the depth that of the subsequent books.
a definate fan-pleasing flick. This movie, was of course, the most anticipated of its kind. After the almost magical success of the Harry Potter books, it would be MORE surprising if a movie DIDN'T make a smash! JK Rowling, a fabulous author, deserves the successful recognition of a movie version-- it is only a shame that in these days, a movie is almost expected. I personally would have preferred to let the books remain legends in themselves. This movie was quite wonderful, nonetheless. First of all, we had really wonderful British actors and actresses. From those we already knew would be brilliant (Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman), to the pleasant surprises (Daniel Radcliffe and especially Rupert Grint), the cast was awfully strong. The recreation of the atmosphere invoked by Rowling in her books is to be thoroughly applauded. The touches and nuances of color, texture and feel were absolutely perfect. The sound (especially the phenomenal musical score) deserves praise. Daniel Radcliffe delivered a rather sensitive portrayal of the newest brand of hero: The timid, "who me?!", real-life, youthful chap who is raised to nobility despite himself and to much humble surprise. (Frodo in "The Lord of the Rings" and Peter Parker in "Spiderman" are two other surprise-hero roles) A couple gripes: Special effects looked like they were headed out to be flawless, until we got the icky video-gamey ogre and the dissapointing revelation of Lord Voldemort's face. Also: Emma Watson wasn't exactly ON. I hate critiquing actors because sometimes they are perfect in one role and just miss it in another, occasionally it isn't their fault. I just found Emma's Hermione more annoyingly one-demensional than Rowling's Hermione. She played up the confidence without tempering it with Hermione's slight insecurities. It's just a thought. Also, despite all my praise, I realize that without the fabulous book series, this movie could never stand on it's own. This sounds obvious-- I mean, if the books hadn't been written, the movie wouldn't have been a concept, let alone a reality. But let me explain: This movie just doesn't mean as much unless you already loved the books. It isn't a great piece of film in itself. It is loyal to the text and faithful to Rowling's descriptions. Unfortunately, the best books-turned-movies were not exact replicas, but affectionate homages. The movies reflected the book without exactly copying it. Of course, I am no director, and deeply admire anyone who can take such a literary success and even attempt to create a theatrical success as well. I realize that I am probably in the minority with my criticisms, and there is much to like about this movie. Worth seeing, but NOT instead of the books. My advice? Read the books instead. Hats off to all, especially Rowling.
I'm Not One To Complain About A Long Movie But Man This Was Long The first film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's popular books. I like it but it feels overly long. In one of the few movies with a primarily young cast that actually have brilliant performances, each capturing the essence of the characters from the books. The leads are definitely the highlights of the film and have continued to get better. What helps I think is that they're surrounded by vetern actors Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Julie Walters etc. much like Christopher Reeve was in the first Superman. My main complaint on what keeps this from getting a full five stars is that the director is trying to literally adapt the book. True there are sections and characters missing like Peeves the Poltergeist, the sub-plot of Ron (or someone else, I can't remember exactly who right now) telling Neville to stand up for himself (which would explain why he stands up to the threesome near the end but I guess not wanting his house to lose anymore points is a good enough reason) and the midnight duel with Malfoy, which in the book, leads Harry and the others to Fluffy, not walking in there by mistake after the staircase changes. But some scenes could've been trimmed. The Quidditch scene, Harry and Ron being late for Transfiguration and the goblins scene in Gringotts. I think they could've just cut to Harry and Hagrid arriving at his vault after Hagrid points and tells Harry about the wizarding bank but then again that's just my opinion. John Williams provides the music again and its good but I think its not up to his usual quality like the other films of his I've reviewed. I know he's going for the fantasy aspect in some cues but I just don't like it. Even the actions sequences feel boring. And is it just me or, besides the scene in the reptile house, does Harry not perform any magic in this movie?
Absolutely Positively Perfect! I'm not a Harry Potter "fanatic" persae, but I have read all the books. On the Christmas of 98', I recieved a book called Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone from my mother, who is a big reader. I looked at the book in my hands, and I thought to myself, what is this! So I decided to read it, and I got so involved in the book, that I sometimes would stay up very late, just so I could finish a chapter. Then, as the rest of the books came out and Harry Potter slowly became a trend, there was news of an upcoming movie. Let me tell you, I was taken aback, and I had to think to myself for a while. In my mind I couldn't stop thinking how bizzare this was....there was going to be a movie about some children's little book I read a few times? So I had to see it, but not the first day, because there were a billion other people going to see it. So I wen, and I while I was watching this movie, my mouth was wide open the whole time. The film was fantastic! It stayed so loyal to the book, but personaly, for me the best part was the music. I mean, come on...wasn't it just so perfect! It seemed to fit with the book like a jigsaw puzzle! It was great! My friends and I loved it so much that we made our own home movie of it for English class! I played Ron and Dudeley, with the English accent and everything and we had other friends be Hermione, Harry, Dumbledore, Professor McGonogal, Dudeley, Aunt Pettunia, Uncle Vernon, the professors, and my one friends little sister was almost Hedwig! We had so much fun I tell you! My friend was even going through this everything has to be Hemione phase. When I got the DVD the first day it came out, I watched it about 4 times. The only bad thing is me and my friend can't find where the deleated scenes are on the DVD, so if anyone knows out there, please tell me! I'm really sorry for making you read this long boring story about me, so I'll just sumarize in 2 words....Buy it! So go with your instict and get out your wallet and just buy it, believe me you won't regret it, unless you have this think against witchcraft or something, but if you do, buy it anyway, and you can always throw it away if you don't like it, which you better not do, because you're still gonna love it even after reading this long reason why, and if you don't I think you need medication or something, because this is a wonderful film people! Anyway, Thank you for your time and enjoy!
Great Movie and Got it FAST from the Seller! Again, it's Harry Potter! That right there is all I need to know to love the movie! But all that aside it is still a great movie! As they all were! This has Richard Harris, the original professor, and the kids are sooo young and sweet as this is their first movie and they're not even teenagers yet! You'll love it!
Best movie I think it's cool. I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone plus all the books are the best books I have ever read. I think the movie should have two quiddich matches against Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw-one match is just boring-Don't you think?
The Ultimate Editions Are "Bloody Brillaint!" Just to inform you this is a review of both of the Harry Potter Ultimate Editions that have been released so far. As I mentioned before, these new releases of the Harry Potter film franchise has been spectacular so far! Individually I love each of the first two movies. The first 2 happen to be my all-time favorites from the franchise so far (Year 1 is the best in my opinion). I got both Ultimate Editions on blu-ray even though I already owned the first dvd releases of the movies. However, my parents gave me both versions of the films in the full-screen format. So, not only did I want to rectify this error, I also wanted them to be in a higher quality. I plan to do the same for the next six Ultimate Editions. I was astounded by the improved quality of the movies in their Blu-ray format and I enjoyed the extended versions that are also included in this set. But the thing that really sold the Ultimate Editions were the Special Features! The "Creating the World of Harry Potter" documentaries are brilliant. Each of them are over an hour long and give in-depth details about specific aspects of the films (how the film started, how the characters were adapted and cast), the next two Ultimate Editions will deal with creating the creatures and the music. The best part about these documentaries is that they deal with the characters, creatures, etc from films 1-6. Also included are all the special features from the original DVD releases. Also included in the sets is a fourth disk containing a digital copy of the film. The only flaws with these editions are the character cards and the booklets. Usually when I get these type of releases with the booklets (which I enjoy looking at) I feel like they are putting them in there to raise the price a bit. However, it is still a good deal at $10 a disk and I plan to get the rest as I mentioned earlier. I said to myself I would not get Goblet of Fire-Blood Prince, because I did not enjoy those movies enough to spend the money on the dvds. But these Ultimate Editions have gotten me to overlook this promise. I look forward to the next releases and hope they do not release them a year apart the way I think they might.
A Fun Adventure. I have to admit that I haven't read any of the amazingly popular novel's from which this movie came. However, after viewing this film, I am certainly tempted to do so. While this film is certainly designed for the preadolescent market, it has those necessary hooks to keep even the most hardened realist of an adult interested. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is a young wizard, who after his parents were killed, was left with his mean and un-magical, aunt, uncle and bratty cousin who force him to live under the stairs. However, on his 11th birthday he is accepted into the Hogwart's School for young witches and wizards and enters a world of magic and mystery. While at school, he and his classmates Ronald Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) set out on a quest to find the Sorcerer's Stone (which will bring immortality to those who possess it) and to prevent an evil wizard from acquiring it. Outside of the main cast of children (who are excellent); this film is chocked full with an astounding cast of British actors. Robbie Coltrane (Henry V, GoldenEye) is perfect as the lumbering and loveable giant, Rubeus Hagrid. Alan Rickman (Bob Roberts, Dogma) once again proves that he can do sinister better than any living actor. English heavyweights Richard Harris (The Guns of Navarone, Unforgiven) and Maggie Smith (Tea with Mussolini, Gosford Park) give good performances. The short appearances by John Cleese (Life of Brian, A Fish Called Wanda) and John Hurt (I Claudius) round out this superb cast. The cinematography is fun and inventive with a superb use of computer special effects. The setting is a combination of gothic horror and Dickensian melodrama, which works to good effect. The story combines fairy tales of every shape and kind. From Cinderella to Greek and Roman mythologies, this movie weaves a storyline that is fun to follow. The appearance of Cerberus, the three-headed dog, now renamed as Fluffy is especially amusing. Now, despite all of these good things, the fact of the matter is that this is a fluff adventure. The characters are fairly cookie-cutter with very little time given to character development. The storyline is convoluted by its attempt to juggle too many plot lines. However, it is fun to watch and I'm glad I checked it out. I may have to borrow a child so I can go watch the next one in the theatres.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition Blu-ray Review Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition Blu-Ray Review Year: 2001 Rating: PG Runtime: 2 HRS 32 MIN (Theatrical), 2 HRS 39 MIN (Extended) Directed by: Chris Columbus Starring: Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman Film Rating: 3 out of 5 stars Video Rating: 3 out of 5 Audio Rating: 4 out of 5 Extras: 4 out of 5 Overall Rating: 4 out of 5 stars The Film Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a film I absolutely despised upon its release in November 2001. At the time, I was a complete Harry Potter virgin and didn't know a "muggle" from a "bezoar" and I wasn't patient enough to give the film a chance. It wasn't for several more years until I could sit down and actually enjoy this opening entry into one of the more magical (pun intended, stop rolling your eyes) franchises in recent memory. HP1 tells the story of a neglected 10 year old orphan with a lightning bolt scar on his forehead who is raised by his cruel aunt and uncle and finds out of his 11th birthday that he is in fact a wizard. He travels to a distant magical school named Hogwarts where he meets new friends (and enemies), learns about how he received that lightning scar, what happened to his parents, and runs across an old foe in a new form. This film is extremely loyal to the book which is both a blessing and a curse. Sorcerer's Stone is the shortest entry in the book series and that allows for a more literal adaptation when you have 150+ minutes to tell your story in the theater. Unfortunately, the film doesn't take many risks when it comes to differentiating itself from the book. Many fans appreciate how dedicated this film is to it's book but I think for the sake of pacing some liberties should have been taken. HP1's biggest problems come in the form of direction, acting, and effects: -Sorcerer's Stone is directed by Chris Columbus (Home Alone, Mrs. Doubtfire) who is obviously very good at working with child actors but I've always felt that he is a little out of his element working on a film of this scale. HP1 looks as though it could have been directed by anyone, it's competently directed but there's nothing to set it apart style wise. -Kid actors always seem to cause problems. For every film with good child actor performances (think The Goonies) there's a movie filled Jake Lloyd (Anakin Skywalker, Star Wars Episode I) level actors. Sorcerer's Stone falls somewhere in the middle when it comes to the children's performances. Daniel Radcliffe (Harry) and Rupert Grint (Ron) come off a lot better than Tom Felton (Draco) and especially Emma Watson (Hermione). What's funny is, Emma Watson has put in some of the best performances in the later film entries so kudos to her for putting in the effort to become a much better actress. -CGI has come along way since 2001. There are far too many scenes in HP1 where the effects have not aged well or just weren't that good in the first place. The Quidditch match in particular is a scene that I remember rolling my eyes at when I first saw the film and it continues to take me out the film years later. There are a lot of good things working in favor of HP1. Set direction, practical effects, sound design, and the soundtrack are among the many things in this film that are top notch. The adult actors such as Alan Rickman, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, and Robbie Coltrane add a lot credibility to the film and usually seem to elevate the children's performances while in their presence. The last thing you have to keep in mind when judging this film is the often forgotten fact that this is the setup film of a huge franchise. Sorcerer's Stone had the near impossible task of introducing the characters and wizarding world to the movie going audience. While I didn't appreciate this film upon my first viewing I've grown to enjoy it more now that I've seen and read what comes after. The Blu-Ray Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition Blu-Ray comes housed in a sturdy blue cardboard case with slip cover. Inside you'll find the movie blu-ray with both the theatrical and the extended cut of the film, a special features BD, a standard-def DVD of special features, a theatrical cut digital copy disc, a collectible book, two character cards (Harry Potter & Minerva McGonagall) As stated above, this set features both the theatrical and extended cuts of the film. The extended cut runs approximately 7 minutes longer than the original cut. Most of the extra footage are scene extensions and most novice Harry Potter fans won't notice any difference between the two. Both cuts of the film appear to be mastered from the same source print which is identical to the transfer used for the 2007 HD-DVD and Blu-Ray editions of the film. While the transfer is very good, it's not likely to blow anyone away but it is accurate to the designed look of the film. I no longer own the SD DVD version of the film to compare this release to but I believe it would be safe to say this BD outclasses it in every conceivable way. Black levels are very good, I didn't notice any crushing even in the darkest scenes. Color accuracy was consistent and the level of detail is usually on par with what I've come to expect from Blu-Ray with only a few scenes appearing overly soft. I didn't notice any use of Digital Noise Reduction since there is always an appropriate level of film grain visible during the film. Regarding the audio tracks, there several differences between the this and previously released editions but I doubt that most listeners will hear the difference. Unlike the aforementioned HD-DVD and Blu-ray releases, which featured a Dolby TrueHD and an Uncompressed 5.1 PCM track respectively, this release features a DTS-HD Master Audio 6.1 track for the theatrical cut and a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 for the extended cut. The added channel for the theatrical cut most likely stems from the fact that when released in theaters this film was released in Dolby Digital Surround EX which is a 7 channel format. Since the extended cut of the film adds back segments of the film that were never encoded in that format that cut of the film feature a 5.1 audio mix. Extras on this set range from wonderful to "I couldn't care less." I typically don't watch extras that aren't presented in HD so only extras presented in high definition will be included in this review. The only significant extra on disc one is the PiP (Picture in Picture) commentary track from director Chris Columbus. The track is sporadic at best with Columbus popping up more frequently the farther a long into the film we go. He's interesting to listen to and seems to have fond memories of working on the film but there are long gaps without his input that hinders this from being a must watch for anyone but the most die hard HP fans. Since disc one's only special feature is the PiP track disc two houses the rest. First off is a brief introduction by Daniel Radcliffe which is both amusing and a little creepy. He makes it clear in no uncertain terms that you'll absolutely love the Ultimate Edition Blu-Rays and you'll learn things about Harry Potter that you never knew. The best special feature included on the set (and for some the entire reason they bought the set) is the Creating the World of Harry Potter Part 1: The Magic Begins documentary. This is part one of the eight part series with a new installment being included on each new Ultimate Edition set. The Magic Begins is presented in HD and looks as though great care and effort has been put into the documentary. Each documentary is themed and as the title leads you to believe this segment dives into the launching the franchise. Most of the interviews with cast and crew are newly produced and everyone is very candid about what led to certain decisions being made, what works and doesn't work, and how it those decisions affected future films. It's an interesting look back at the beginning of the franchise especially now that we're so close to the release of The Deathly Hallows Part 2. Other extras include 10 minutes worth of deleted scenes. Most of these scenes are what make up the Extended Cut of the film so your not going to see any hidden treasures if you already watched that version of the film. The only other extras on disc two are the teaser trailer, two full trailers, and 15 television spots all presented in standard definition (SD trailers, etc. are inexcusable in this day and age). Disc three extras are all presented in SD and are recycled from previous editions of the film so I didn't even bother wasting the time to put the disc in my player. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a faithful adaption of the inaugural Potter book. A number of issues, namely the children's performances, the bland direction, and some spotty CGI hinder the film from being truly magical. It does however setup the world of Harry Potter effectively, tells the story competently, and looking back, makes enough good decisions to help future Potter films succeed in ways this film could never achieve. Highly Recommended for any Potter fan with money to burn. If you're unsure if Harry Potter is right for you I suggest checking out the single disc Blu-ray, it will only cost you around $10 so your financial risk is a lot smaller. The disc sports the same transfer, similar audio, it doesn't include The Magic Begins doc, or the extended cut of the film but if you're looking for the cheapest HP1 option this is it.
Good movie, terrible DVD I'll not comment on the overall movie itself, as that has been the topic of most other reviews here. I'll just say that the movie itself was excellent, save a couple disappointing visual effects (e.g. Voldimort; he wasn't scary). Also, the film transfer and sound mix were great (the surround channels could have been used more, but it wasn't BAD). I would however like to discuss the movie's presentation on the DVD. There are several problems: - It is known that there were far more scenes shot than were actually included in the movie. When you edit a movie for the theatre, you want to keep the running time down for two reasons: the longer the movie, the less tolerant of the running time the casual viewers will be, and the shorter the movie is, the more times a theatre can show it in a day. HOWEVER, the type of people that purchase DVDs care more about the movie, and will be far more eager to see a longer cut of the movie. In this spirit, I was sorely disappointed to find out that none of the deleted scenes would be integrated into the movie. My rule of thumb is that if the scene was a good one but was just cut to shorten the movie for the theatre, it should be put back into the movie for the DVD (the rest should be included as bonus features). I hope next year's disc has a more "full" movie, with scenes that don't make it into the theatre. As a compromise for "theatrical purists", the DVD could be programmed so you can choose either the theatrical cut or director's cut (and example of this is "Stargate: Special Edition"). - The lack of an audio commentary track was noticeable. Practically all big movies these days have an alternate audio commentary track by the director, producer, crew, and even sometimes cast. This is almost unforgivable. A movie of this scope deserves one, and again, next year we should expect one. I would also like to comment on the DVD's features, or rather, lack thereof. Put simply, for a movie of this magnitude and popularity, the disc construction falls woefully short. To its credit, disc 1's menuing system is set up nicely -- clear, concise, and to the point. Interesting but appropriately short animations make it easy to navigate through the DVD. This is not the case with disc 2. I can understand that to the movie's target viewers, all the "games" on the second disc might be appealing, but they get old VERY fast. Whenever you have long animation sequences between menu pages, they are fun to watch the first time, but from that point on, they just get in the way of enjoying the REAL features of the DVD. Disc 2 was the worst offender I have ever seen of this rule. While the technical setup of the disc is impressive, it doesn't work in practice. The single featurette and the deleted scenes were the highlights of the DVD, but you shouldn't EVER have to spend 15 minutes trying to get to a feature. Here are some things the disc and menu should have done differently: - It should have clearly labeled menu choices that point directly to either a feature or a submenu of features. Labeling with wizard terms only serves to confuse. - No feature should require the level of messing around that the deleted scenes required. Instead, the game should have been a separate, independent feature. Yes, I know you can skip this by directly entering title and track number, but having to take that route is really cheap. The deleted scenes should have been set up as the interview was - through a single option on the main menu labeled as "Deleted Scenes". - The other main problem with disc 2 was the fact that it had so little content. As mentioned earlier, the deleted scenes and interview featurette were the only major selling points of the DVD (the walkthrough wasn't bad, but it still wasn't that great). There's just too much fluff. Clicking on jellybeans just to hear the announcer make some stupid remark just doesn't cut it. For the year 2 DVD, I expect far more content (making of special effects, blooper reels, more deleted scenes, storyboards, set and prop construction features, interviews with more of the cast and crew, etc.), and far less "fluff features". When it comes down to it, this 2-disc set IS worth purchasing for fans and casual viewers alike, but only because of the movie itself. Don't expect much out of the second disc, aside from the two or three mentioned features). Because of this, I take two stars from the rating.
A little creative liscense was required I'm sure you have seen how many stars I put down and said "What? How can anyone give this movie 2 stars?" Well that's the thing about movies, some people will like them and some people won't. But since this is a review I feel I need to explain my opion and how it is based on more than simple opinion. Also let me point out that I loved the books, I'm not just a Harry basher who wants to rain on other's parades. The books were so full of emotion and urgency and consequence, I would find myself cringing or gasping out loud when the characters were in danger or laughing and grinning like a fool when something great happened. That emotion and passion that I felt in the books is what drew me into them and made me feel like I was a part of it, it is why I love to read and why I love movies, the emotion grabs you and drags you into the story making you feel like you are really there. But when I came out of this movie I felt like I had watched a story, not like I had been part of one like I usually feel after coming out of a good film or reading a good book. I actually felt dissappointed and so I explored why that would be and this is what I found. The Movie was incredibly detailed and to the letter of the book, but I think this may have been it's downfall. Because of all the time necessary to show all of the information there was precious little time left for character development, or for showing off the more emotional parts of the story. It was kind of like someone was sitting there saying "Ok we have 2.2 minutes for the scene where Harry looks at the Mirror...Go!" In the books I felt that Voldemort was this epic, evil villain who could enslave the world if he were to return, I felt he was dangerous and at all costs he had to be stopped. In the books I felt that Dumbledore was this Mysterious and benevolent pillar of good and right, a pillar of strength for the heroes in their times of need. And in the books I felt like it was a race against time to stop whatever evil was trying to break into the school. But in the movie there was so little time to show the emotions the characters were feeling or to extrapolate on the strengths and natures of the characters and events that I think they missed out on all of that passion and depth. In the movie I felt like Voldemort was just another bad guy who did bad things, I didn't even get the impression that most people would know who he was. I did not get the impression that Dumbledore was anything more than a doddering school master. And I never felt like anything was at stake, I never felt like there was something serious going on. Overall a very cool movie with some great visuals and stayed very true to the book. But it did not have depth or emotion, nothing to draw me back again and again. I think that a little creative liscense by the director and the screenwriters may have been necessary, taking out a bit of straight information and filling the space instead with some character or story development would have added to the depth and made it feel more like a world and less like a picture show. Just my two cents.
The Moose Hole - Potter Weaves Magic Spell After much hype and anticipation, the whimsical world of Harry Potter is finally brought to life on the big screen in its first feature film. When Warner Brothers bought the rights to the famous children's book series, millions waited in utter anticipation for the adaptation of the first book and executives at the studio were just biting at the bit to accept the money of Mr. Potter's legion of loyal fans. But this was far from an easy task for the movie studio. Why? In order to produce a magnificent achievement for the paying customers, the movie must remain true (to an extent) to the books created by J.K. Rowling and the whimsy and fantasy of those tales must remain no matter the cost. For if this does not happen, Warner Brothers executives can kiss those potential profits on sequels good-bye. The story focuses on the adventures of a young boy in England who discovers he is actually a wizard in training and that he is to be taken to a school, far from the world of the muggles (or non-magical folk) that he has grown up with all his life. After losing his parents when he was a baby, Harry Potter now resides with his terrible adopted family that consists of his boorish uncle, his snippy aunt, and spoiled, brutish cousin. But one day, he learns that he has been accepted to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When he arrives in the magic world of wizards and witches, he is overwhelmed to find out that he is one of the most famous sorcerers of all time m due to his confrontation, and evidential defeat of, the evil Lord Voldemort as a baby. But he no sooner puts he foot through the door then the trouble starts, whether it be the up-tight Professor Snape or the spoiled Draco Malfroy. After many strange events around the school, it is up to Harry and his new friends to stop an evil creature from stealing the Sorcerer's Stone which could bring about the re-generation of Lord Valdemort. The story for Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone is done marvelously well but not based on material from the book. When going to see this film, don't go into it basing it on the book. You'll only be left with disappointment. Though most of the performances were played out by young actors and actresses, those performances were done in such a way that they were sophisticated for the age of the performers and therefore surprising. Daniel Radcliffe fits perfectly into the lead role of Harry Potter but the real determining factor will be if Radcliffe can keep that outstanding persona in this role as he matures through the sequels. Overall the performers seem well suited to their roles but that is not fully realized in the beginning. Only over a period of time in the film do the actors feel fully comfortable in their roles. The only disappointment has to be with John Cleese's Sir Nicholas, which was shown as nearly as much as he probably should have been. Overall, the mystical and extraordinary world of Harry Potter is brought to life in a way that many wouldn't have thought possible years ago and, though the film may differ from the book from time to time, even the most hardcore of Potter followers will be happy with this first film adaptation. Not to say it is absolutely perfect, there are some minor things to complain about. The time length, which stood at two hours and thirty minutes, seemed way too long for a feature at younger children. Granted they probably won't care too much since their eyes will be glued to the screen but that can problem based on potty breaks or something to that effect. Another problem deals with the editing of the movie. As an example, the burnt roof of Hogwarts that was not present in one scene was shown in the next with no explanation to what happened. But outside of those small problems, Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone is a delightful treat during the holiday season but not near the same level as Disney/Pixar's Monsters Inc. but a great film none the less.
Movie GOOD! DVD ... BAAAD! First, the bad. Then the good. When the DVD was announced, much was made in the advertisements of the Extra Scenes Not Seen in the Theater. This is of course one of the Cool Things (TM) about DVDs, they often have neat additional material. So my son and I were eagerly looking forward to seeing this. I hoped at first that some extra would be added to the movie itself, but it appears not. No problem, says I, we'll just go to the extras menu and go to the deleted scenes. There is no such selection. In fact, there is no selection which would TAKE you to such a selection. The extra material is there, of course. But to get to it you need to play through what amounts to an incredibly lame short semi-RPG game of puzzles and so on. And since the DVD can't remember such things, you have to play through this stupid sequence of actions *EVERY* *SINGLE* *TIME* you want to view the footage, unless you tape them to a VHS -- which, of course, removes a lot of the utility of a DVD. Take those responsible for the marketing out in the back, and shoot them. This is quite probably the most boneheaded design decision I've ever seen in corporate America, and that's saying quite a bit. One whole star off the rating for this moronic design flaw. Now, as to the movie itself... Most adaptations of books to the movies or television depart from their source material; sometimes it's a matter of a few liberties, but in many cases it's more a matter of systematic abuse and torture, often leaving the viewer wondering what the heck the point was of using the title if you weren't intending on filming the story CONNECTED with that title. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, however, hews very close indeed to the book from which it's derived; not surprising, since J.K. Rowling was given an unprecedented amount of control over the entire project. The major changes are cuts and compressions, something which is inevitable; even a relatively short book contains more material than can be put onscreen even in a long movie. Unfortunately, this does slightly damage the story. The original novel is a rather interesting fusion of three subgenres: the English Boarding-School adventure, the "child with mysterious background/powers" story[related to the Cinderella trope], and a classic mystery novel. The movie severely damages the mystery-novel aspect of the story, eliminating or downplaying important clues and rushing us along in the final solution. Reading the book permitted a clever reader to figure out what was going on before it was all revealed at the end of the book -- it was a "fair" mystery, one that did give you the chance to solve the problem without hiding crucial information. The movie, unfortunately, does leave out or severely understate some important clues. It also severely compresses several sequences, most notably Harry's time with his "evil step-family" the Dursleys. However, the rest of the book is kept virtually intact, with much of the dialogue taken verbatim and the scenes precisely as described. The casting ranges from "good" to "inspired"; I can't think of a single bad casting choice, and all the acting (which in a production with this many child actors is a major concern) is at worst workmanlike and at best is excellent. Alan Rickman as Snape and Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid put in stellar performances, making the book characters spring to life perfectly. The edits -- especially the compression mentioned earlier and removal of the fiendish logic puzzle that protected the way to the Sorcerer's Stone -- do, in the end, rob this movie of its potential for perfection, but it remains an excellent, fun, and wonder-filled diversion, perfect for any age.
Sucked in by my teen age daughter. My daughter got me to watch this when it first came out. Now Im hooked on it worse than she is. I have all the Harry Potter movies on BLU-RAY. I am such a big kid. The details on blue-ray are spectular. Wonderful addition to my movie collection.
Love it! This is one of my favorite movies and I'm so glad that now I have it on DVD. The product came in great condition, still in the packaging and everything. I would recommend that anyone buy this product! :)
Love the HD upgrade but lacking The KD upgrade doesn't fully deliver in this film. Some parts are magically transformed while other moments seem to retain their 480 luster. I think they should have taken more time on this one to perfect it lied they did in later HP movies.
A Magical Movie Despite a Few Flaws J.K. Rowling's mega-bestseller receives an excellent film treatment from director Chris Columbus, although the film falls just shy of true masterpiece status. You'd have to have lived in a cave in Afghnistan not to know the plot: Harry Potter lives a miserable existence in the cupboard under the staircase at the home of his Aunt and Uncle Dursley, and their spoiled rotten son Dudley. But just as Harry turns 11, he is accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and his hidden heritage as a wizard is revealed, a heritage of fame throughout the world witches and wizards, a heritage with powerful enemies and unexpected dangers. Columbus does an outstanding job of re-creating Rowling's world onto the screen. Daniel Radcliffe is excellent as Harry, and the supporting cast is stellar, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid, Richard Harris as Hogwarts' Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick, Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall, and Alan Rickman as the sinister Professor Snape. However, the movie's greatest flaw comes from its overly faithful adherence to the book. Out of sheer necessity, some scenes have been cut, but the movie sticks to the book like glue. This provides a limiting factor, as books and films are different media, following different rules. For instance, Peter Jackson made sensible changes on "The Fellowship of the Ring", by not being as slavish to that book, resulting in an improved film. Ironically, one of biggest bones to pick with this film is the elimination of a scene near the end of the film, where Hermione is denied a scene of physical courage that was in the book. Still, the widescreen version is a classic, with a wonderful score by John Williams. The DVD features are interesting, although a bit lacking, and are nothing special. It's also a pain to have to unlock the deleted scenes which are contained on the second disc. But, to paraphrase The Bard, "The film's the thing." And this is a film no family should be without.
Book or Movie?? hmmm... When I first heard that the movie was coming out, and as the premiere date came closer, I started to feel really curious to know about this so-called wizard boy, Harry something. Of course, by that time, why someone like me would have heard something about this 11 year old boy, or maybe about his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger? I was sure getting away from something I couldn't skip, and that is the much-hyped media phenomenom Harry Potter. After being harrassed by my own sister and bored as hell in one rainy day, I finally decided to read the first pages of this book called "The Sorcerer's Stone", the first of four books available at the moment. I was caught by the magic of the book and read it within two days. I couldn't stop looking at it! it was like an obsession, thiking 24/7 about what would that package at Gringotts have inside and things like that. It was then when I started to follow the new trend, the Harry Potter one. It was finally time to go and watch the movie at the theater. After a superlong line, I got the enter the theater and I could watch the most faithful adaptation of the book to the screen that could have been done. The movie itself is a really well-done picture, where all the characters look exactly as you pictured them when you read the book and re-created the scenes in your mind...you could have swore someone read your mind and put what you thought on film!! Although the movie has countless magnificent special effects, and some breath-taking scenes such as the impopular Quidditch match, I definetely prefer the book, which in my opinion is 10x better then the movie. But at the end it's not so bad, that's why it will get 4 stars ... If you haven't seen this movie yet, it's something I recommend!!! I'll be definetely getting the DVD version of it, not because of me but because of the whole family!
A Good Movie, But Something Was Missing... I LOVE the Harry Potter series, there is almost NO book(s) like it. I have already pre-ordered #5, and am crazy about the series. When I heard that a Harry Potter movie was being made, I was, in a funny yet true word, HYSTERICAL! I was so excited (I was 13 at the time). Well, a year later, I went and saw the movie, and while it was a good movie no doubt, parts of it were just...stretched? Heres what I thought of HP and the Sorcerer's Stone. 1) Plot: This movie follows (DUH!) the record selling book, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by J.K. Rowling. This movie, as promised, is FAITHFUL to the book. And if thats all you were looking for, seeing the book for the most part brought to life page by page in a movie, then this movie was PERFECT for you! I even enjoyed the movie because it was so faithful. But while nearly every scene, literally, in the book made its way on to this film, a lot of it had NO insperation whatsoever. For example, when they were in a lot of the classes, it showed maybe 30 seconds. A charm being completed, a potion being made. Why not have a bit of the class actually shown, like Proffeser McGonagall reading text from her book, or perhaps even all of the STUDYING for the exams, or being assigned homework and projects. They literally skip from scene to scene to scene, and while I did enjoy going "Oh yea, I remember when Snape said that" or a few seconds later "that was one of my favorite parts of the book", it gets dull after while, and NO scene really seems to grab you. In Lord of the Rings, they stayed in one spot or situation for at least 5-10 minutes (one reason it was such a GREAT movie), but in this, thats counsidered a LONG scene, and you never really get in to it. Another problem I had was a lot of things I thought were important still WERE missing. For example, the EXAMS in my mind were a HUGE part of the year, cut out. The Elders Mirror or whatever, they spent 15 minutes on. I think that could have been trimmed down to perhaps 5-7 minutes. Quidditch games? Only one game shown, about 5 minutes. Daily classes? They only go to each class once for the most part, and they don't even go to every class. They tried to cram so much into this movie, it became almost too little EVERYWHERE! They cut out the visits to Hagrid except for 1 or 2. And you really don't get to know the characters. Everything seems to happen AROUND Harry, never to him. He almost NEVER gets hurt, he never gets in fights with Malfoy (ANOTHER big part). Except for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, almost no one did more than a few minutes of acting. But for everything they did put into this movie, and I know I sound criticle, they DID do an excellent job and created in many's hearts, a classic to the book. What they DID do well was the last 30 minutes or so, the tasks, Voldemort showing up, the Forbidden Forest, etc... These last few scenes set the drama, and for a movie aimed at kids, this one was GREAT. But for the teenagers and adults, this film lacked some things. Still a good movie and worthy of your owning (I DID buy it on DVD), Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was done very well, and I would reccomend it! 2) Graphics: Very well done. Everything in Hogwarts is put together FANTASTICLY! The castle, classes, robes, wands, spells, Quidditch matches (EXCELLENT), the unicorns, etc... The one part I think they didn't do well on was when Harry grabbed the bad teacher (can't say who...not a spoiler) and his head feel apart. Could have been done a LOT better, but I guess they had the kids in mind. Everything looks convincing, and while it's no Lord of the Rings, it was done EXTREMELY well, 4 stars! 3) Acting: This is where the movie struggled if it did. Harry Potter (played by Daniel Radcliffe) did a very good job for the most part, but in certain areas, ex. when Ron was nearly killed, Harry (without even looking at him) asks offhanded "You okay?" "Yea!" gasps Ron. Harry never even looks at him! Little things like this popped up every 15 minutes or so, but as these are young actors and should without a doubt get better, they did a pretty good performance. As for the teachers and Hagrid, etc..., acting was done EXTREMELY well. Within a few years, I'm sure this cast of Hogwarts will improve dramaticly, and while it may not sound like it, the acting was well done. 4) Overall: This was a good movie. The acting was good at most parts, the graphics were above par. The plot, while sometimes un-inspired or strechted, follows a book that won countless awards. Everything here is wrapped up into a pretty good package. There are little things here and there that I didn't like, and I think this could have been trimmed (ex. The Mirror) to about 2 hours, or added more important events. But overall, this is a good movie, and in my book, worthy of a purchase. While this isn't going to ever win an Oscar, its loyal to the book, is a great movie for kids and a good movie for adults, and even though parts were kind of choppy, this is a great movie, and being the first of an epic adventure, I expect this is just the beggining of the great moments of Cinema still to come in the series. 3.5 Stars / 10 Thx!
I Wish . . . . . I really wish that Warner Brothers would release a 'directors cut', which would put back the deleted scenes. Especially since that is what they are showing on network TV. I would definitely purchase an extended version of this movie.
To Harry Potter, the boy who lived! I loved this movie, just as much as i loved the book. They missed out tons of stuff though. I'm not gonna write it (i mean type it :}) all down cause that would take ages! But all in all it is a must see for wizards and muggles alike!
Favorite movie series of all time! Harry Potter is and will always be my number one movie series of all time. That is why I was so happy that the DVDs that I had ordered were in perect condition. Not a scratch or a smudge on them. Two thumbs up in my book!!!
Pure Magic! HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER's STONE was just an incredible movie! I have NEVER (I repeat: NEVER) had my jaw on the floor throughout an entire movie... until now. I've never seen anything like it and I can't wait to get it on DVD!
A Technical Marvel - Better for the Uninitiated Potter Fan Having not read any of JK Rowling's books was apparently a blessing in terms of purely enjoying the film version of Book 1. This is a thoroughly entertaining, richly layered film, with smart, supreme special effects, plenty of "oohs and aahs" and a nice mix of charming players, engaging plot devices and technical wizardry. Few true Harry Potter fanatics have expressed satisfaction with the film, which apparently sticks so closely to its book source, it misses the magic these readers had themselves conjured up in their imagination. As a result, a non-Potter-initiated viewer as myself was quickly swept away by the grandeur and illusion that unfolds on screen. The young Radcliffe seems the perfect choice, though I hope he grows into the role as he himself grows up - some scenes are wooden, and his slightly crooked smile seems out of place at times. His cohorts are equally engaging, though Hermoine's character is at times a challenge to enjoy. Ron Weasly is more effective both as a character and in terms of the actor who plays him, as he gives him real humanity throughout. A few scenes are simply awe-inspiring - Track 9 and 3/4 in London, playing quiddich in the air, the invisible cloak, the owl-delivery system at Hogwarts, and the 3-headed dog chose. Maggie Smith is winning, but Robbie Coltraine steals the movie with his tender performance as Hagrid. All in all, this is a strong start to what will hopefully become a classic on the order of the "Wizard of Oz." Don't judge Harry by his (book) cover - enjoy the thrilling film ride and you'll be glad you did.
Harry Potter  l'cole des sorciers. The story is exciting and there are a lot of action and suspense. There are a few mistakes, but at all it's very good. The actors act very well, particularly Tom Felton and Rupert Grint. I suggest it to all Potter's fans.
It's Harry Potter It is Harry Potter no doubt. The production is fine and the caracters, one of the book's good points, are well represented. My kids loved it and I did to, so it is a familly happening. A nice way to spend a rainy evening.
I have NEVER seen anything like it! Harry Potter is just great! The movie is wonderful and filled with fun and action, just like the book. I have seen this movie 3 1/2 times and still aren't bored of it. The only thing is that I recommend wide screen instead.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The movie sticks very closely to the facts and details of the book with few deviations. However, the book is much funnier. Kids will probably still enjoy the movie if they've read the book. The dvd also includes games.
good flick I thought this was a good beginning to the Potter series. Here you are introduced to Harry and his life and how he ended up in magic school. It not a movie for younger kids but for older kids it's entertaining and fun.
Truly Magical I saw this film with a lot of skepticism, not because I was worried about whether it is a good representation of the book, but rather because I had never really seen what the big deal about Harry Potter was. However 20 minutes in and I was hooked, getting a drink, or a bag of popcorn be damned, I wanted to watch every moment of the film and was deeply interested. Having gotten interested in the film I checked out the book, and found the film was incredibly close to the book which is always a feat. While having dropped a little bit here and a little bit there Chris Columbus faithfully adapted this beloved children's book. Parents should be warned that the movie contains scenes that might be scary to a young child, but that should not stop you from showing this to your child, or them from enjoying it. The film transfer on the DVD is great, with no problems. The sound is more than adequate, and the overall presentation of the DVD is quite good. Despite being on 2 discs the extras are the let-down here, but they are not horrible, what there is is quite nice but could have been better. The way they could have been better is by adding more extras, and making some difficulty levels so that adults who buy this film can enjoy it every bit as much as children. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's (or Philosopher's, depending on where you live in the world) Stone is definitely a film that will go down as a classic and will be enjoyed for generations to come, it is now and will be for a long time: simply magical.
Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, 2 Pleasant surprises Having little knowledge of Harry Potter, but being of the Star Wars generation I was blown away by this film. This is the first film in a series of upcomings, but doesnt need an hour of boring storytelling to bring the veiwer up to speed. The story is told in the most interesting ways possible, keeping me entertained to the max, even though I had no idea what to expect, and seeing a film that wasnt really aimed at me. Harry Potter is the type of movie that makes your forget you live in reality, which in itself is the most fun you could have for 2 hours. It has a Lord of the Rings feel to it, in the way of it being a fantasy film. It doesnt need to explain why things are happening the way they are. They happen, and your happy with that. The characters are all very likable even the sinsister ones. Alan Rickman seems to be having the most fun as the villan Snape. Like Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter has the sequel vibe all through it. 2 hours is clearly not enough time for the plot be be filled. However this movie uses its time very wise, and doesnt drag at any point. The special effects are excellent. We know brooms cant fly, and there are no two headed monsters, but if there were... maybe this is what they would look like. There is a scene where the charcters are pawns on a chess board, the effects look like something out of Jumangi. All in all, I had a big smile on my face in the end, as I turned to my nephew we both had the same idea...."Let's get back in line".
The Greatest Movie This movie is so cool!!! i saw it twice and i loved it everytime!!!!!!! my mom saw it with me and she loved it. and she thought harry p. was such a joke!!! everyone should see this movie!!!! no matter what age!!!!
Kid-tested, mother-approved fun J.K. Rowling knows how to spin a scene from the pages of a book right into your imagination, without you lifting a finger. In the same way, the movie takes you into a delightful version of Harry's world. The adult actors are quite good - all known to be solid performers. Alan Rickman as Snape is perfect, as is Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid. The kids are noticeably new to this (they improve with each successive movie), but fortunately, the roles aren't all that demanding. The kids play kids. The three leads playing Harry, Hermione, and Ron are warm and appealing. What limits the movie isn't the bringing a fantasy world to life (the special effects are marvelous), but adhering so closely to a literal interpretation bypasses all those subtle hints of things to come that Rowling slips into all her books. So Malfoy is *only* a bully and Hermione is *only* a brain - there is little texture to their characters. I like the fact that the actors are all British. It makes it feel more authentic and less forced. That being said, it's another thing to look at the scenery. The London scenes and the interiors of Hogwarts looked wonderful. The Quidditch scenes themselves were fine, but the backdrop - ugh! It's too bold, flat, and not realistic enough. Instead of creating it all digitally, as it appears, they should have just shot a real location and put it into the scene. So, all in all, it's a good movie that can be rewatched when you're in the mood for something charming and adventurous.
I love this movie but this is NOT HD I love this movie but this is NOT HD. The sound is horrible the picture is grainy. I haven't had any problems with ordering digital movies from Amazon until now. Very disappointed. Not worth the money at all!
The Magic Begins...That's the key! (Part 1 of 8) It has been such a long time since a creative mind actually found the power to create a story that captured the imagination of the entire world at the perfect moment. Harry Potter the story of boy who finds out he is a big part of a hidden world of magic, spells, and mythical creatures, now must join it only to discover he is being hunted by the one who murdered his family. I was already a huge fan of the books, so when the movie was set to be released in 2001 I was very excited and curious to see how it would turn out. I enjoyed the movie, unlike many who said it was long and sometimes boring. Read the tagline people...'Let The Magic Begin'. Hello we still have 6 more parts to this story! 'Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone' is just like every first installment of a major film saga. Introduce the main characters show us their part and of course just throw a tiny bit of foreshadowing of what is yet to come. This movie is truly enjoyable for anyone who wants to get away from the real world. The characters are great as well as the actors who play them. I was also amazed at how Chris Columbus tried as best as he could to keep this first movie as close to the book as possible. Yes there were some things taken away and a few others changed for the sake of cinema, but for the first part of this grand story when the movie was over the only thought going through my head was... "It can only get better from here."
It's good, but not as good as... The "Harry Potter" movie suffered for coming out shortly before "Lord of the Rings - Fellowship of the Ring". HP is a good, entertaining, enjoyable family movie, and true to the book (perhaps a bit too much so) - unfortunately for it LotR turned out to be a truly magnificent film which not only captured the essence of its book but showed how you could transfer it to the big screen and be faithful to it while tightening and speeding things up. As both of these films are merely the first in series it seems likely that poor Harry and Hogwarts will be continue to be overshadowed by Middle Earth. This is rather a pity - one can enjoy both, after all. Yes, the DVD of the film itself is good, though the second one with its various extras (including a few - all too few -cut scenes) really is badly laid out and difficult to navigate. Poor Harry has also suffered a bit, from what we hear on this side of the pond, from the attention of people who think he is anti-Christian. How a story of the power of redeeming love to overcome evil can be this I really don't know. A couple of anti-Potter websites I've seen quote one of the characters who says "there is no good or evil, only power" as if this represents JK Rowling's viewpoint. In fact those words are uttered by the main bad character against whom Harry and the forces of good are battling. Wasn't there something in the Bible about not bearing false witness, chaps?
It's good, but not as good as... The "Harry Potter" movie suffered for coming out shortly before "Lord of the Rings - Fellowship of the Ring". HP is a good, entertaining, enjoyable family movie, and true to the book (perhaps a bit too much so) - unfortunately for it LotR turned out to be a truly magnificent film which not only captured the essence of its book but showed how you could transfer it to the big screen and be faithful to it while tightening and speeding things up. As both of these films are merely the first in series it seems likely that poor Harry and Hogwarts will be continue to be overshadowed by Middle Earth. This is rather a pity - one can enjoy both, after all. Yes, the DVD of the film itself is good, though the second one with its various extras (including a few - all too few -cut scenes) really is badly laid out and difficult to navigate. Poor Harry has also suffered a bit, from what we hear on this side of the pond, from the attention of people who think he is anti-Christian. How a story of the power of redeeming love to overcome evil can be this I really don't know. A couple of anti-Potter websites I've seen quote one of the characters who says "there is no good or evil, only power" as if this represents JK Rowling's viewpoint. In fact those words are uttered by the main bad character against whom Harry and the forces of good are battling. Wasn't there something in the Bible about not bearing false witness, chaps?
awesome visuals for kids, and a great plot for parents This is a movie that the whole family can enjoy. Harry Potter has an enchanting feeling around the entire movie. I strongly suggest that anyone, no matter their race, age, etc, should go see this movie.
Does the Book Justice In this adaptation of J.K. Rowling's acclaimed "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone," Chris Colombus put together a great movie that any fan of the books will love. I was a bit skeptical about seeing this film because I thought that the movie would be done poorly and that I wouldn't end up liking it. I ended up enjoying a lot. Chris Colombus stayed right with the book and didn't change a thing. Never have I seen a director that was making a film out of a book keep the film so real to the original novel. Colombus had some skill to do this movie with such beauty. The actors chosen for this film were great. I had imagined every character from Harry himself to Hermione all the way to Albus Dumbledore. Each of the actors did such a great job that I am sadenned to see that this film was not nominated for many Academy Awards. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were adroable and no other kids could have done as good as a job as they did. The castle chosen as Hogwarts was great and presented the witchcraft and wizardry school very well. This movie serves the book very well and most Harry Potter fans will be very pleased with this. I recommend that you pre-order this DVD so you will be able to watch it when it comes out. Everything in this film was done very well and it seemed like the movie was being played off of Rowling's book. Check this movie out; you'll enjoy it!!! Happy Viewing!!!
Magical! (A Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets Review) I went in to see this film after my friend persuaded me to come along, and came out with a new favorite movie. I just started reading book 1 this month, because I wanted to know what was going on in the movies, but they were really magnificent and I must say, reading the books helps you understand the movie. Nothing is explained in the much anticipated second movie, so you'll need some background knowledge. The second movie, which I saw on the Opening Night, was SO much fun that I even saw it again! The actors and filmmakers had more experience, and therefore resulted in a better movie than the first, in my opinion. Seeing the movie on opening night was a plus, because all the fans attended, clapping, cheering, gasping, and providing enthusiatic responses to the movie. If you didn't like the movie, then it was probably a dull crowd that influenced you. I think you should see it ASAP, because when I saw it the second time (a week later), there were parents and toddlers who really didn't try to enjoy the movie. Anyway, great movie; I was amazed at the special effects and how well the characters were portrayed in the movie. If you didn't like either movie, then you're just being rash, because about 20 songs each were composed by the famous John Williams, and 16,000 kids auditioned for Harry Potter. Not to mention that the 9 minutes of Quidditch took 3 months to plan and 6 months to film!
Harryo Pottero,Bring Me the Fun(swish of a wand) Like it says on the back of the case to this movie,"THE WIZARD OF OZ OF OUR TIME!"I found this movie to be very entertaining.Even if they didn't get the title right,which I thought it was,who cares.I want to see the movie not the title.Anyways,the actors who played Harry,Ron,and Hermione were perfect.Couldn't find any other better kids to play the parts.Richard Harris as Dumbledoore-VERY EXCELLENT CHOICE.Alan Rickman as Prof.Snape was great.The cold evil look and sound of him bring the character very much to the book.Robie Coltraine plays a good Hagrid and Tom Felton brough the bratty,snobbish character of Draco Malfo to life very well.As for the scenes being scary for little kids,its true.But I'd say only for about kids 10 and under.What did you expect from Harry Potter?A bright coloful movie with no intense scenes?The scary moments will be in Prisoner of Azkaban.Then,I'll agree on the 12 and under for the scary moments.Some of the scenes were funny,like the part in the zoo and the scenes in the Dursley's home.The battle with the troll was humorous with the wand getting stuck up his nose and the final confrontation with Lord Voldemort,was pretty cool.Good special effects on the destruction of voldemort.Over all,this a very great movie for people who have read all the books,and maybe for those select people who like fantasy and sci-fi.If you likes it,buy it.Ya hate it,dont waste your time.
See you in Potions class ... Despite a few shortcomings, I have to say that this is a good adaptation of an excellent book. If nothing else, watch the scenes with Alan Rickman as Professor Snape; you won't be disappointed.
Entertainment for all ages As soon as the Harry Potter books arrived on bookshleves across the world, ready for retail, they were a legend. Why? It's quite simple, really. The key word is escapism. Children would love to be Harry Potter, sent away from their parents at an early age and then rescued by a giant and flown on a motorbike to a castle that teaches children to be the world's best witches and wizards. Unfortunately, however much of a classic these works of fiction are, every child is disappointed at the end of the day. But hey! Fiction is fiction, and it should stay like that. Harry Potter's parents were killed by Voldemort, an evil satanic wizard, and he is left to live in a cupboard with his bullyish cousins, the Dursleys. However, Hagrid rescues him well and takes him to the place of his dreams: Hogwarts School. Fighting through the toughest adventures possible, with an added touch of friendship and future romanticism, such a film entertains, and yet brings positive emotions to the viewer. Beautiful music by John Williams accompanies; and what's more, special effects are carefully used to really bring the viewer into the film himself. A brilliant, high budget movie, suitable for any ages, and certainly resemblant of the books themselves, this movie must be awarded five stars. A great work of fiction; I hope to watch and read the stories again and again. Fantastic.
Harry Potter's first year comes home! Harry Potter, the source of mass obsession and hysteria, has finally come to video stores. I ordered my copy of the widescreen edition through Amazon and was excited when it arrived in the mail. I hurriedly took it out of the box and sat down to look at all of the DVD options and extras. The Harry Potter DVD is a two disk set with the movie and trailers on one disk and tours of Hogwarts and Diagon Alley as well as other things to explore on disk two. To this point, I haven't explored all of the options the DVD has to offer, but I have taken a small tour through the Gryffindore Commons. The movie itself is of excellent quality, and the widescreen makes it that much more enjoyable since the movie has a lot of motion made for a big screen. I'm slightly confused about the features this DVD has. I was under the assumption that there was bonus footage and what not, but cannot be found on the second disk. This footage is probably in the movie itself if not hidden somewhere in the DVD menu. For those who have a DVD CD-ROM the second disk has many other things to explore, but sadly I do not own a DVD CD-ROM. Others may experience this problem. Overall, Harry Potter has made it to my home and is proudly displayed in my DVD collection. For those interested in adding this to his collection it is worth to spend a little more for the widescreen edition.
Its good but... Delivery was quicker then I excepted. The only problem was I was sent the UK ultimate edition (HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE) and I ordered the American ultimate edition (HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE). There is no real difference but anyone with kids knows what I'm talking about.
Great Movie,great books,and evryone in the movie-great job! I thought the movie was great,I really loved it.I thought the movie would be boring before I saw it,I wasn't exactly a fan of Harry Potter then.But I loved the movie,from beginning to end,it rocked.One of my favorite characters are Ron,he's cute,funny,and great at wizards chess.Another one of my favorite characters are Harry Potter,he's brave,curious,has a good heart,and can take chances.I love all the books,especially the fourth where Harry goes back to Hogwarts,and to find out that a Triwizard tournament is being held at his school where three wizarding schools compete for the Triwizard cup.One person from each school is chosen to compete.How do they get entered with the Goblet of fire of course,students seventeen years old are allowed to put your name in,if your under 17 don't even try to put it in.On the day when Dumbledore pulls names out of the Goblet an unexpected student from Hogwarts,who is also to young to be in it gets entered in,Harry potter.There are 3 tasks Harry must compete in to try and win the Triwizard cup.Will Harry win victory for his school,will he survive all three tasks?You'll see,anyway it's my favorite book because it has excitement in it. The movie rocked,and I hope they make a movie for all the books oof Harry potter.The actors/actresses did a great job in the movie,and Thanks to Jk Rowlig for bringong Harry potter to life.
Nothing special. This movie start fairly good, but once they get to the castle it stalls out. Nothing big really happen, only isolated events. The game part of the movie just doesn't do it for me. Overall: Fair.
The First Harry Potter movie This is a great movie based on a great book. We had it on video for years, but since changing over to DVD's deciced to update this series. The widesreen edition really makes it great to view.
From Brunette to Blonde - Why?! The Harry Potter series of books has been one of the most enjoyable pieces of communication tools between my son and I since, my son was 11 years old. My son is now 14 years old. We have read the books, frequently listen to the audio versions read by Jim Dale, and own each of the movies (DVD) released to date. Quite frankly, in my opinion, neither of the movies can compare, or exceed the magical rendition of Jim Dale's reading of the adventures. We agree with a previous reviewer, that the Sorcerer's Stone movie loses the true feeling of her book, its pace, and its charm. We too really didn't understand the sensless changes made for the movie, like changing the color of the Dursley's hair, from Light to Dark. And just why did the "bearly acceptable" Hagrid have to blurt out, "your a wizard Harry" in such a deflating fashion. In my opinion any director of any of the Potter movies will be hard pressed to capture the true feeling of the book on film. I challenge any to compare with Jim Dales' audio reading.(PLEASE!!) In all fairness without a doubt, the movie in a way the books could not, brought to life the Quidditch game. Overall, We think this movie would make a good addition to one's Potter library, but it is totally unnecessary for one to see it to capture the true Potter magic.
Good Family Fun This is a great film, If you haven't heard of it already you were probably stranded on an island somewhere for the past few years. Read the books and watch the moves, you'll have a good time
Dvd got scratched this was a great replacement I am so tired of DVD's and blue ray disks, people forget to put them away... I love being able to stream, less clutter around the house. Always works great! Kids can't scratch the disk...
Great Movie!! All of the Harry Potter movies are so well done. I love the extended version because you get more little bits of the movie, that if you didn't read the books, will make more sense to you.
Classic book, almost classic film Apparently, on agreeing to sell the Harry Potter film franchise, one of J K Rowling's conditions was that the cast had to be predominantly British. This request proved to have been one of the fundamental keys to the success of the movie version of 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone'. At the risk of being contentious, fine as his work on the film is, I think the choice of Chris Columbus as director ensures a well made, slick product but also just that bit of blandness that prevents the film from being an absolute classic. Having said that, the casting is phenomenal, especially Radcliff and Watson, and the choice of remaining true to the novel rather than condensing and combining Rowling's work is at once inspired and obvious. Compared to the 'Lord of the Rings' saga released at the same time, it's a little bit too shiny, a bit too mainstream in it's style, but it's certainly a success because it gets all of the big things right, principally the characters. One wonders if Terry Gilliam (Rowling's first choice for director) had helmed the film, it might have been more unique, but could easily have become a mess too. Ultimately, the reason this film is so superb is because of Rowling's imagination and her good judgment in balancing plot with unforgettable characters.
Harry Potter A truly fun,enchanting film.I have never read the books but the film is great.Harry Potter,the son of a wizard,is left with his evil rellies at birth,after an evil sorcerer kills both of Harry's parents.Only when HP is eleven years old does he discover that he has magical powers,when goaded into anger by his jerk of a cousin.Soon Harry is boarding Platform nine and three quarters and setting off on the Hogwart Express to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft.On the train he meets two other children who are also magical,named Hermione and Roy.I think it was Roy,I can't remember.He swore alot.Once at Hogwarts,Harry,Hermione and Roy must get their hands on the shiny stone that will cause havoc in the hands of that evil guy who knocked off his parents.To do this they must play a dangerous live chess game AND make it past the giant,vicious three-headed dog named Fluffy.(Yes,..Fluffy).There are people who have condemned this movie,due to religion,because of the witchcraft involved.I've been brought up religious but I know that those people are wrong.Harry Potter fights against evil and is always true to good,even when his life is threatened otherwise.He is an empowering character and a terrific role-model for children.
best harry potter movie this one is the best and it all stsrts here.full of fun meeting new friends.I loved the chess scene at the end.my nephew malachi says this is his favorite harry potter film too.
What about adults? I am a HUGE fan of Harry Potter.. more like an obsessive freak and I'm 18. I found this movie so entertaining and enjoyable (gotta love Draco and Oliver Wood). But the DVD is a bit disappointing. It is meant to be for kids ONLY. What I have been waiting in the DVD the most are interviews with the cast especially since Malaysia aired an interview once. And one more thing is "Behind the Scene" that should let you see the making of the movie and how the special effect was done. Additional outakes and extra deleted scene would be great. But no, they had to make all the stuff for kids apart from the 7 deleted scenes. I mean come on! I caught the snitch in less than 2 seconds, and solved the puzzle in less than 5 minutes to get to the deleted scenes. There's also no commentary from the director, or the cast or from J.K Rowling, or any message from J.K Rowling. I want to suggest that the second movie "Chamber of Secrets"' DVD, there should be more stuff for adults than for kids. Or better yet, make 2 seperate DVD for kids and adults so kids can have some interactive entertainment and adults could have all the interviews and stuff. Otherwise, the movie itself is awesome :-)! Should be longer though than just 2 and half hour.
Worth buying a DVD player for IF you don;t have a DVD player, i would get one just to see this DVD. This is the greatest movie I've ever seen for all ages. Whether you are 7 or 700 you should see this DVD!
MY FAVORITE HARRY POTTER MOVIE THIS IS MY FAVORITE HARRY POTTER MOVIE WHEN THE KIDS WERE YOUNG AND IT WAS THE BEGINNING OF ALL THE ADVENTURE THAT FOLLOWED. IT WANTED IT FOR MY COLLECTION.
Film good, "Special Features" Disc a little sketchy I must admit, I didn't like the film when I first saw it but after a few repeated viewings I found it growing on me. I have to say I'm glad the directors didn't stray from the book, the film is supposed to be the book in an alternate form...NOT rewriting of the work set on film. I do wish the directors hadn't hacked out so much of the funny stuff (i.e. most of Dean Thomas' and Fred & George's comments) but the film was getting rather long as is. The DVD is essentially what a DVD should be...it has the film and a few extras. I have to say I LOATHE the second disc. It's a pain to go through so many steps to view the deleted scenes (and after you go through the effort you wonder why you bothered, they're nearly all from the same sequence), a majority of the "tours" are pointless, and the "games" are mind numbing. The makers could have spent a bit more on the package itself, cardboard breaks much more easily then the plastic alternative. Also the "locks" which hold the DVDs in place are too small and too tight, you nearly have to wrench the poor DVD out of its casing. I suggest Potter fans get the film, but don't expect anything amazing out of the special features
Can writing and acting save a mediocre director? Steve Kloves ought to be commended for his adaption of Rowling's novel. The writing is really excellent, as is several other attributes of this movie. Daniel Radcliffe (voice cracking and all) was convincing in the title role. What I found to be missing was some sense of risk on the part of director Chris Columbus. Granted that taking too many liberties with the story would have incited riots from the legion of kids who worship these stories, I felt Columbus did a very mediocre job injecting this film with any sort of personal style. As with his other films, both the hilarious Mrs. Doubtfire, and the horrible Bicentenial Man, Chris Columbus has displayed his penchant for very conservative, "by the numbers" direction. Where directors like David Fincher and Terry Gilliam are such that one could view one of their movies, without knowing it was theirs, and instantly recognize the style, I don't think Columbus has ever made a movie I could watch and think "yup, that's Chris Colubus film." It's sad that the producers of this film felt the need to go the sure route and come up with a pretty good film, instead of a riskier path and maybe come up with something truly magic.
New type movie! HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE is a well-known movie in the world now. This is the story of a young boy named Harry Potter, who is a wizard. When he was a baby, Voldemort killed his parents. So, he was living at his uncle's house. His uncle and aunt are very bad people. Harry is a kind of Cinderella. At first, he didn't know that he was a wizard. But he went to Hogwarts, a magical school, by a strange coincidence. That day was his 11th birthday. He has some friends there. Their names are Hermione and Ron. At the end of the movie, they had to play chess. They each took the part of chessmen. Ron was injured so Harry could get the sorcerer's stone. After that, Voldemort wanted to kill Harry and take the sorcerer's stone. So, they fought each other. Harry won the battle. But he was injured, too. After he recovered, he returned to his uncle's house. I didn't learn anything from this movie. I was just excited when I watched it. But I love this story because I have never watched magical stories before. This story is very interesting! Now we can watch Harry Potter's second story in the theater. It will be interesting!
Can't Get Enough! I've been a big fan of the books for quite sometime, and I knew someday a movie would be produced. Now it has. Christopher Columbus has done a wonderful job shaping his cast and weaving magic into this film. It follows the book closely, which, I believe, makes it all the more enjoyable. The cast was carefully chosen and they all performed quite excellently. The cleverness of some of the lines is down right genious. "Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you comes up with another clever idea to get us killed. Or worse! Expelled!" "She needs to sort out her priorities!" I have to mention Rupert Grint (who plays Ron) most particularly, he did an especially fantastic job. The chess seen was captivating. Daniel Radcliffe was also destined to play the part of Harry Potter, I believe; he has the same birthday! It is a movie for children of all ages; from 8-98, everyone can enjoy it. But I think younger viewers have more of an advantage; they can more easily see and understand all of the magic and it's entirety of the secret world behind Platform 9 and 3/4. I highly recommend this film to all who have an open mind and want to have a good time.
Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone-The Movie Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a great book and even better movie, although it was almost the same thing. I think they should make more movies of Harry Potter, im sure all most every body would agree with me that they should make another one. This movie is great for people who like Harry Potter or just like excitement. It is full of wizards, magic and witches. I really like the part when Harry first meets Ron on the train, its not funny or anything its just that Ron is SO surprised that it's Harry Potter. If I had to give this movie a rating I would give it a 4 out of 5, there are some parts that just don't fit into the book. I really don't like the scene when Hermine gets all mad at Ron and Harry for saying she is Rude because it was true at the time. I think Draco Malfy is the best actor in this movie, although he might not be the nicest. It was a really good idea to make a movie of Harry Potter. The author of this book is very imaginative and had a very good idea of writing the book and making the movie. This movie has almost every thing that a good movie needs: Jokes, dueling(battle scenes) and excitement. It was a really good movie! I would recommend it!
Potter #1 The start, #1, of the Potter saga is my favorite. I wanted the Blu Ray edition so I could watch it in the best quality. This movie is great and so is the quality.
You're never too old to go to Hogwarts The books taught me to read. Now I'm in my twenties and I still watch the movies and read the books often to cheer myself up. You're never too old for Harry Potter.
Great movie. Just as good the second time around as the first. The books still give a ton of detail more than the movie, however, but having read the book, the movie is great.
Harry Potter - was the hd worth it? We rented this through our amazon Prime membership. I was torn about paying the extra buck for HD. I am not sure it was worth it because I don't think the original was in hd. Amazon offers old old movies in hd for an extra fee, which I find annoying because they are going to be fuzzy no matter what. I feel the same way here, although I wish I could know ahead of time the difference before I shell out the extra cash.
Completed My Collection! I along with a lot of people I know felt we had the complete series by buying the 8 disc "complete Harry Potter Collection" but I felt the need to get this DVD to complete my collection, and now I am the only person I know with all 8 movies AND the not sold in the USA Philosopher's Stone! I will cherish this movie forever!
Close adaptation, stunted direction Chris Columbus has got to be the worse successfull director in history. His camera is still, his shots boring, his pacing perplexing and his lighting banal. The problem with this movie is him, he is not making a movie, just filming a book. The problem is, you can't film a book you have to adapt it to a visual medium, this is not a visual man working here. Want to understand my POV, then read this book & Fellowship of the Ring, then go watch the two films. Both are faithful adaptations, but one is interesting, one boring. I can't wait for the third film and finally, a new director. The bright spot, the cast. The kids are great, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger is perfect, but if you notice, Daniel Radcliff, Harry, get's very little good dialogue, he's like a supporting player in his own film. As for the DVD. The deleted scenes should be in an extended version, not hidden behind some inane game you have to play to watch them on the second disk. ... How about a real, decent documentry next time? A real extra we don't have to waste precious minutes of our lives looking for.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I purchased the extened version. I enjoyed the movie, it is action packed and see more things when I watch the mover over and over. It is worth every penny.
Not Bad I must say that I agree with reviewer Kethlenda that though it's a good movie, I don't think that anyone who hasn't read the books would understand it. I have read the first four books many, many times, and I plan to read the fifth book the day it's released in the U.S.. However, my older brother has not read the books, yet he watched the movie with me. He was constantly asking, "What?" and said at the end that he didn't understand about 3/4 of it (not his words exactly, but from what he told me, I'd say that I'm being generous when I state "3/4"). I also agree that the part about Hermione solving the potions part of the puzzle should not have been cut out. I was horribly distraught when I saw that they had cut that part out. For me, that was one of the coolest parts. I wanted to see how they would show the fires that appear at the doors. It wouldn't have been that hard. They could have used CG (computer graphics) for it, just like they'll probably have to do in book #4. Anyway, overall, good book; one of the more faithful movies that I've ever seen, but DEFINITELY not perfect.
This was a fine film - for what it is. I'm not going to tell you that the movie lived up to or didn't live up to the book. All I will say is that this movie is pretty good for what it is. This is a fun kids' phantasy film. Don't try to equate this to "The Lord of the Rings" either. This movie, like the book, is to "The Lord of the Rings" like a romance novel is compaired to "A Tale of Two Cities". Sorry to say so Harry fans, but it's true. Yes it is. Anyway... I was mainly interested in seeing this movie because John Cleese was going to be in it. Well, don't let that be your reason, because he barely is. (Hopefully, he'll have a bigger part on the DVD version) I was pleasantly surprised though. The makeup is very good and the special effects are quite up to par. Of course, as I mentioned before, they shouldn't be compaired to TLOTR. That might leave you dissapointed. I'd advise you to get this for your kids, or if you don't have kids, tell the guy at the store that you do, and get it for yourself. I highly recommend this film. How anyone can give this a one star rating, I cannot comprehend.
Good film This first film of the popular book series has its occasional flaws, (notably through the Norbert story) but it is a fair adaption of a wonderful tale.
PERFECT!!!! For me, the Harry Potter movie was 11/10. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) couldn't have been better, despite the fact he had blue eyes!He created a certain air that told me, this wasn't just an actor, this was Harry Potter. Emma Watson as Hermione was pretty good, except she didn't quite look right. Hermione is supposed to be ugly - and Emma Watson is frankly pretty. But I did love the way she acted with Ron especially. Hmmmmm....Ron. If you haven't read the books inside out and you're not able to recite the books off by heart, then you won't understand why Ron isn't quite right. Although acting in his own right, he was hilarious, compared to JK Rowling's portrayal of Ron, he's wrong. He's Rupert Grint, not Ron Weasley. Hagrid was perfect and his acting with Harry at the very end of the film brought tears to my eyes. One thing - the film is just TO SHORT!!! Even though it's 2+1/2 hours long, it's not long enough. I always feelat the end of the film as though I've abruptly been thrust out of Harry's world. This film, like the books, will be a classic.
Magical This movie honors the book completely, it's almost identical to the book. It brings the magic of Diagon Alley, Gringotts, the Forbidden Forest, Quidditch, the Hogwarts Express, and Hogwarts to life. The characters are so individual and diverse. The trio is a force to recon with, and has a bond that is endearing to the audience. Harry is the champion, Ron the Heart, Hermione is the brains. Fred and George are excellent comic relief. Snape is the type of character viewers both love and hate, he's a creep who's on the right side. Dumbledore is a mentor, a protector and the most powerful Wizard in that world. Voldemort is pure evil. He willing/deliberately turned himself into the monster he became. He embraced the worst types of magic, beliefs, and societies. He corrupts anyone he comes into contact with. He survives at any cost, cheats death at the expense of others. He treats ally and enemy the same, he hasn't any compassion or guilt left in him. Fans never tire of this movie. This is magical - literally and emotionally.
My 8 year old son loved it. Just finished book one and rewarded with ... My 8 year old son loved it. Just finished book one and rewarded with movie one! He wants to name his children Harry and Hermione. not kidding : /
an excellent one for the kids I cant wait for the next one! Excellent storyline with a great cast. Great magical effects. Wouldn't we all like to of gone to hogwarts!
much better than the book When it comes to Harry Potter, I have mixed feelings. The books are very entertaining, but they are also pretty silly, and can't hold a candle to the brilliant works of such writers as Tolkien, CS Lewis, E Nesbit, and such others. Harry Potter deserves five stars for entertainment value, but one star for innovation and sophistication. So why is the movie so much better? Well, movies don't always have to be taken as seriously as books do. Not only that, but it is extremely entertaining without having to deal with childish narrative or the fact that there are a billion fantasy stories like this. Harry Potter is just a fun movie, and while I only recommend the books for those who need a break from Dostoyevsky and Victor Hugo (and certainly, we all need a break from serious books now and then), this movie has something for everybody, and can be watched anytime. I would have given this 4.5 stars, but i can't, and it definitely doesn't deserve the five stars i would give a more serious movie, so four will have to do. Peace!
Hugely Entertaining! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) introduces audiences to the imaginative world created by JK Rowling through the eyes of Hollywood filmmakers, and it is truly fantastic! The story presented in the book is timeless, but what makes the Harry Potter series so appealing (in my opinion) is how cleverly Rowling describes Hogwarts and the rest of the magical world. It translates wonderfully to the big screen and really brings the book to life. Speaking of the book, the film is quite faithful to the original story. I think that it is the most accurate of any film in the series to date. Although staying strictly by the book doesn't guarantee a great movie, this film has no problems. It stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson as Harry, Ron, and Hermione, respectively. Their acting isn't quite brilliant, but they are cute in the roles. Other actors such as Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, and Alan Rickman have supporting roles. The first Harry Potter film is splendid entertainment! 5 stars.
Review for Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone This is the first in the series of Harry Potter movies absolutely love this movie and this has really good special features on the second disc
I didn't think I'd like them. Watch this series now if you haven't. I didn't think I'd like them....I don't normally nerd out on fantasy-type things, but this just rocked.
Nice!!! Very good movie my family was so excited to finally complete our collection, and with the digital copy long road trips will be more exciting.
Entertaining Intro to the Potter Mythos An 11 year old boy living a banal existence, kept in a cupboard under the stairs by nasty step-caregivers [calling to mind a bit of James and the Giant Peach], learns he is actually the son of accomplished wizards. Traveling to a mystical academy in a pseudo-parallel universe he meets friends, has adventures, and saves the day [Willy Wonka redux?]. Based on the line of successful books, the movie was a nice albeit condensed introduction to the Potter mythos. I felt it was lively, with some great performances by seminal figures in British film/stage. Some of the CG effects were a bit unpolished, like the giant troll or the three headed dog, but they were more than made up for in the sprawling set designs and clever scenery. The hunting around in dank dark attics, or dungeons called to mind the exploring, treasure hunting `Goonies'. Targeted towards the younger set, it still made for a nice viewing. Wide-screen version, recommended.
Magical! This is a very good adaptation to the book. It truly brings the book to life. I know the young actors aren't the best, but you have to cut them some slack. They are children in their first big movie. The whole family can enjoy this movie. All in all, done very well.
helloo! its the best! harry potter is the BEST series in the world and kj rowling is sooo talented!!! there's a reason why harry potter's so popular! get THEM ALL
POTTER ROCKS! Although doesn't go with the book so well it is a Great DVD. First of all they cut out Peeves completly wich was really dumb and they skipped the potions thing with harry and hermonie down in the trapdoor place. Hagrid isn't that big like he's mentioned in all the books AND poffessor Q-Querial in the forrbiden forest looks like a Dementor. Other than that this movie ROCKS! I really have to say I loved the quidditch match even though they only showed 1. Uncle Vernon is very fat very much like his son Dudley (Dudders as his Aunt calls him). His Aunt very skinny and Mean. DUN DUN BOOM. Voldemort looks OK but not perfect. Now to my complements The DVD is very long which I like because I like long Movies. I love the special walk through Hogwarts thing on the DVD. THe Movie is so full of exeitment and action. There are 4 houses in Hogwarts Griffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. My Favorate is Ravenclaw! I hate Griffindor! Any way if you want a good DVD this is it.
Could have used a better DVD I absolutely adore the Harry Potter books...this movie had a lot going for it -- a brilliant cast (Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrain, John Cleese), the greatest composer of our time (John Williams) and a script given the thumbs-up by J.K. Rowling herself. Columbus, thankfully, proved me wrong. He delivered a great film that was faithful to the book and found three enormously talented young actors to guide this project. I only wish Warner Bros. had put as much effort into this DVD set as the filmmakers obviously did into their movie. Don't get me wrong, it's an okay DVD, and certainly worth getting if you're a fan of the film, but as far as extras go, there's not much to recommend it for the grown-up audience. There are some nice deleted scenes and a few games that the kids will enjoy, but that's about it...I still recommend the DVD, because the movie is absolutely fantastic, but don't expect much else to hold your attention if you're over the age of 11.
Sorcerer's Stone This is my favorite of the Potter series of books/movies. Awesome in blu-ray. My dog ate my copy and I am happy I could find a replacement
I had to, I think you do too If you are a Harry Potter fan, or know one I recommend you collect the entire collection of ultimate editions. I have and I love them all!
An action-packed movie with signs of love & friendship! To the "naked" eye, this movie does seem dull, boring, childish, immature, and a thousand other words. That is....though, just the first impression. This movie is not just a movie about wizardry and magic. It's about friendship, love, courage, and learning to conquer your fears. The actors and actresses show us how we may go through life. We may come across enemies like Malfoy. Or we may unexpectedly find a friend we'll have for a lifetime. And it shows us how to sacrifice ourselves for the people we love and care about. Of course, all of us Harry Potter lovers did miss all of the things not showed in the movie thats in the book. That's why I recommend you to read the book first. The movie's great too, the book's better, and you'll certainly understand it better. I loved it, and the creativity is immense! Who would think to write a book about......a wizard? I know I certainly wouldn't! I hope all of you enjoyed the movie that made me a better person in many ways.
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT! Here's the scene: I'm a relatively sane, socially adept woman of twenty-something, sitting with a friend in a crowded (and I mean, crowded) movie theater in November 2001. I'm surrounded by toddlers, tykes, kiddies, pre-teens, etc. etc. My friend is not a child, so instantly we stick out like sore thumbs, two adults in a children's movie. For 2+ hours, I in J.K. Rowling's inspired world. I was living at Hogwart's. I was practicing my wizardry (although, at this stage, only with the popcorn). I was LIVING HARRY POTTER. Can I give this movie more than 5 stars? It was fabulous. And now, I can see it over and over and over again at home! (And, yes, I know all about the Lord of the Rings vs. Harry Potter debate. Lord of the Rings was a better movie technically -- not as in special effects technical, but as in movie-making-as-an-art technical. But you know what? I wanted to BE Harry Potter after the movie. Not so with Frodo Baggins. Sorry all you Tolkein fiends!)
Loved it I really enjoyed going through the whole box set and particularly loved watching the extended versions as well as the special features :)
Very Good Great work! Creatively written, superb casting, good selection of material to cover from the book, excellent screen play and fine acting.
Finally I Watched the first movie My mom bought me the first Harry Potter book when it first came out, I loved it and continued to read everybook since then. But I never started watching the movies until "Goblet of Fire" came out, I'm big on reading but not so much on movies coming from books. That being sad, I enjoyed this movie a great deal and it stayed very true to the book in my opinion. At this point everyone knows the story of Harry Potter and his beginnings so I'll skip on that. Luckily the movie jumped right into the plot, they didn't spend too much time on the his life with the Dursley's and touched on the more important scenes. The casting was done well, each of the kids were able to grasp and portray the personalities we've all read in the books, as well as the Hogwarts professors. Reading all of the books before even watching the first movie didn't take away from the excitement of watching Sorcerer's Stone. I think this movie is a great intro into a fun and exciting series of books.
Great movie! I love the amazon rental program If you want to,have a Harry Potter Marathon all you need is over 19 hours and Amazon Movie Rental!
Ignore the cutsey second disk Like so many other reviewers, I have to say that I really enjoyed the movie (after all, I watch things to be entertained, not to analyse them). I should have liked to see the deleted scenes integrated into the movie, rather than stuck in some silly game on the other disk, but what the heck? There aren't really worth slogging through the rather clunky interface to get to, although the first (movie) disk is worth watching. It doesn't seem to matter whether you've read the books first or not -- my husband hadn't, I had, and we both enjoyed the movie about the same. I can only suggest that you remember that all fiction requires a *willing suspension of disbelief* and that this is fantasy written for children. The supporting cast were wonderful, and I think young Radcliffe shows potential. We adults need to remember that this is aimed at kids, who are usually much less critical about detail than we are. A nice flick, worth a second (or third or forth) look.
Students Enjoy Harry This movie gets 5 stars because middle school students can relate to Harry. Students can relate to the problems Harry must overcome.
We love HP! Great movie for the whole family! We have girls 5-10 and everyone loved it. We'll most definitely be buying the entire set of movies.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Great Casting. I especially like Hagrid and Hermoine. The special effects are terrific. Not an exact copy of the book, but very good.
to complete the collection We have been searching for the first "Harry Potter" but did not want "The Sorcerer's Stone," rather "The Philosopher's Stone." Being an European title we could not find it in the states. Amazon.com had it used for a decent price, shipping was early and the movie is in tip-top shape. Thank you
great flick entertaining for all ages. Watched the movie with my wife and we both enjoyed it. Will be watching more of the films in the series.
The Wizard That Started A World Craze I saw this movie the second day it came out. I had read the books (like almost everyone else in the world). *Haha* I knew it was going to be a hit as soon as I sat down in the theatre. It was captivating. (I mean there (or course) were kids all over the place. They were regular kids, noisey, loud, full of energy but, as soon as the movie started it went dead silence. I've never seen a theatre go so quiet so soon. There was one little 6 year old boy that was sitting in front of me. He was really wild. But, I noticed that when the movie started he stopped almost imediatly. I glanced at him a couple times through the movie...he never moved. I'd never seen a 6 year old sit still so long.) The special effect in this movie were great. Chris Columbus did an awesome job. (Thank you, J.K. Rowlings for finally agreeing to make "Harry Potter" into a movie.)
~THE ~BEST MOVIE EVER!/HARRY,HERMIONE AND RON ARE AMAZING~ Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone was a very entertaining and enjoyable. The deleted scene "Finding Flamel" was a really funny sequence that shouldn't have been left out of the film. I personally wanted to find out more about the 3 little heroes played by Harry, Hermione and Ron, but it was still a delightful experience. The movie was nothing like the book as more people would say but the film had great moments just as well as the book did. I rated this film 5 stars because of the effort that was put in the story from the very beginning, and i CAN'T wait until the second movie "Chamber Of Secrets" comes into theaters on Friday November 15th, 2002. Overall, I think the best part on the dvd was meeting the 3 little stars that made this movie possible, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Hermione (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grint). GREAT FILM!!!
Great item, though not for reseller prices. This is a great way to pick up the copy with BluRay, DVD and digital copy in a single package. It's a Target Exclusive, so you can find it there, and from 11/06/11 to 11/12/11, it's on-sale for $9.99. For that price, it's a great pick up, though not from any reseller on Amazon.
I bought this for my wife because she watched the ... I bought this for my wife because she watched the original one we had so much that it started to skip a lot in the DVD player.
Please!! Come on people, get a grip! Of course we don't actually believe this 'nonsense' -- I mean, it's called fantasy. Just because YOU don't like fantasy doesn't mean you have to call everyone who does an idiot. You don't watch movies so you can believe they're real -- you watch them to escape real life. If you don't know that by now... And for anyone who's blaming the author for 'missing scenes', as one reviewer's doing -- it's not as though J.K. Rowling has any control over that! Sure, she can say that a certain scene is necessary, but it's not her fault if the DVD is defective. 5 stars for the movie, but people should try to actually write intelligent reviews sometimes, and not swearword-filled, ALL-CAPS, hateful paragraphs. I mean, come on people.
Very Good Series My daughter grew up watching Harry Potter, but I never saw it until now. She asked me to watch it with her and it was great!
Review of Movie The Harry Potter movies are the best movies ever made. My children watch them all the time! J. K. Rowling is a genius.
Very Refreshing Story !!! I have seen this movie already three times in the theaters, and I am planning to buy the DVD widescreen version. One of the things that most impressed me is that may three year old child was mesmerized by the film and did not fall to sleep both times that he has seen it. JK Rowlings did a wonderful job of writing a book so interesting. I believe that the most amazing aspect of the story is that it is about everyday life at a not so common school. The film is almost like reading the book. No complaint about it. It is still nice to read the book, but the film brings into being the wonderful caracters of Harry and Hermione. If you have not read the book, the vocabulary may be a little difficult, so that you have to see it at least twice. If you read the book is just wonderful to watch the movie. I give it five stars for the wonderful story telling and imagination.
Am outstanding film...brought my family together. .. This was an amazing movie that brought my family together to watch it. It interested the rest of my family in Harry Potter.
Great movie Great movie!!! It was fun and exciting. Very enjoyable. I can't wait to see the rest of them. I'm going to buy the box set
Great Movie -- So-So DVD The Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone movie, called "The Wizard of Oz of Our Time," by the "thumb's up" dudes, is a fantastic movie that stays painfully faithful to the book. The DVD, however, is only slightly rewarding in the Extras department. Disc 1 contains the movie and the trailers (all three), and the source of my *ahem* unpleasant feelings is Disc 2. Catching the Snitch is a maddening thing. You can also learn the philosophies of the four Hogwarts houses, but that's [not the case] if you have the book. "Interviews" is very interesting, and the Deleted Scenes are okay (loved the extra minutes of the Potions class). The DVD-ROM aspect of the thing is less than what I expected, but it's okay. If you were expecting the DVD of the century... just watch the movie. The DVD's okay, but nothing special to me, and not enough to notch a full star off.
Digital Copy is EXPIRED I love this film, but this review is for this item in particular, which I bought mostly for the digital copy. Much to my dismay, in tiny print on the insert inside, it notes that the code is redeemable for a limited time and expired in December 2010. Suck.
i love harry potter, Best movie ever service is kinda bad Sound is not so good The buyer should get more than a 24 hour rental
One of the best! I have this movie on VHS but I have no VCR player. I have been searching for it on DVD for cheap, and finally found it.
harry potter is the best I loved this movie. The second one is a little better though. The dvd says it has extra scenes that i could not find
Harry Potter The first and the best of the Harry Potter series. I wish Chris Columbus would direct all of the Harry Potter movies.
Loved the Book & Love the Movie! My daughter and I are Harry Potter fans and started a tradition that after we read the books, we see the movie together at a theater, and, of course, this is the one that started the tradition. The Sorcerer's Stone is probably my favorite of the Harry Potter series, because it starts us on Harry's journey as he discovers he's a wizard. I've read all the books multiple times, and have watched the first four or five movies on TV multiple times, so decided to add them to my video library. I realized recently that I didn't have this one yet; don't know why, but i'm glad I have it now! It arrived very soon after I ordered it, and is in perfect condition! I've already watched it twice and am sure I'll watch it again. It's great fun to lose myself in Harry's magical world when I feel like I just need to escape from my own reality for a little while!
One of the Greatest Adaptations Ever!!!!! Although one of the greatest movie adaptions ever filmed, this film is a little non-professional. Great visual effects, impressive debut from Radcliffe and intense action scenes complement this film adaptation from one of the most popular book series of all time. Despite all this however, the film also contains an absolutely terrible, worthless, in the gutter performance from Rupert Grint as Ron ( you'd think they'd be a bit more selective with the kids ) and a rather impressive but obnoxious performance from Hermione(Emma Watson). It also seemed that the filmmakers didnt know what to do with the visual effects (flying, wizardry) and were just trying to figure out where all of them went. The most significant factors from this film however are Richard Harris and Maggie Smith, the 2 most charming actors I have ever seen in a childrens flick.
One of the coolest movies ever This movie was one of the coolest movies I have ever seen. I am and always was a big Harry Potter fan, and I have read the books about 3 or 4 times each. So when the movie came to theatres, I was a little nervous of what it would be like. I thought that it would probably [be bad] and I would hate it. But when I finally saw it, I loved it!!!! The only problem was that they cut out the part where Hermione helps Harry solve a problem with bottles (which was supposed to be the last obstacle protecting the Philosopher's Stone). I liked that part. But it was a very good movie overall, and a perfect cast was selected. I especially liked Daniel Radcliffe, because he plays Harry so perfectly and not to mention he's pretty cute. The DVD was fun, except the stupid Second Disc was driving me crazy while I was trying to find the deleted scenes.
Could have been soooo much better, but still decent. Good movie, but will be disappointing for fans of the series. In it's defense: It does try much harder than most book-to-film adaptations to stay true to the book, although it was the little things that annoyed the hell out of me. For instance the major complaint I have is the placement of Harry's scar. In all of the books, the lightning bolt shaped scar is located dead-center on Harry's forehead. For some reason, in the films it will be located off-center. Why? What purpose could there be to stray from this little tiny detail that I am sure all fans of the series would notice? The main reason to watch this film can be summed up in two words: Alan Rickman. This guy kicks...! They couldn't have casted the role of Snape any better. Worth seeing, but be sure to rent before buying as you could be dissapointed.
HP Love the Harry Potter movies. My oldest son watched them and now my younger one is watching and reading the books.
Good movie, decent DVD This is one of the few "childrens" DVD's in my collection. I loved the book and was looking forward to the release of the movie on DVD. The movie faithfully follows the award winning book. The movie looks good with only minor glitches some part of the video. Audiowise it sounded good on my system. The score by John Williams sounds especially good. My one real complaint with this DVD is the special features. I bought this in order to see the deleted scenes. The amount of time I spent trying to access them outweighed the actual running time of the scene. Way too much trouble for nothing groundbreaking. I also would have liked to have a commentary track from the director and maybe some of the stars. Overall this is a good DVD set, but the amount of work to access the special features is very annoying.
Great film!But the book is better. I'm a Harry Potter fan and when i first heard about the film i was so happy that i could finally watch Harry's first year on the big screen.This film stood up to my expectacions. It was great!The actors are talented,the special Fx are amazing and the movie is faithful to the book. What i didn't like and thought that was childish were a few scenes like Neville Longbottom's feather blowing up or when Harry,Hermione and Ron saw Fluffy their scream was synchronized.Also they didn't show the potions part that they had in the book and Harry's fight with Vol(sorry!) You-Know-Who wasn't nearly as scary as in the book.Personally i prefered the book because it had more of the dialogs and jokes going on and you felt the sense of time passing by better than in the movie.Anyway, the film was great but the book is even better.
love all of the HP movies All time favorites. I will watch them over and over when I'm bored to death. I will have all of them before long.
Don't be put off I'm a 30 something fan of Harry Potter, but I conciously decided not to read any books until seeing the movie. Sure, it's not as good, but movies never are. The DVD is very well presented, the tabs that hold the discs in are too stiff for my liking, it's just a matter of time until it breaks. The discs are very well laid out. Disc 1, just the movie, language selections and cast list. Disc 2 is enormous, you can't just browse either, you have to play around, catch the snitch, tap the wall @ Diagon Alley, etc, in order to see more stuff. I would say that this presentation has been designed to enhance the whole experience for the Potter die hard. If you are looking for 'making of featurette's' and director's commentry, wait for the next version of the DVD (not that I know anything, I'm just guessing)
good movie Just introduced this to my 5 year old. Getting him hooked already, planning to read the first book next. So fun.
Great series to follow Great movie for the kids and wife as well! Looks like a great series to follow! Don't really want to count words
Great DVD but hard to see the deleted scenes The deleted scenes DO exsist, on disc two. It is hard to get to them, you have to work your way trough the 'game' of the second disc, starting on Diagon Alley, getting your wizard money at Gringotts and then your wand at ollivanders, then going to the classrooms and starting in Transfigureation, go to the stand with the owls on it. It will take a bit of time to figure it all out but you can finally see the deleted scense, you basically play through the book. I am dissappointed by this, as it took me a long time to figure it out. This doesn't dampen my spirits though, the movie is still `number one, though it cut out some minor thingsfor the sake of time. Overall it's a great buy, if you have kids, if not, still worth it to keep the movie forever, since DVD's, unlike VHS tapes, don't wear out, only break.
Poorly put together DVD Being a big fan of Harry Potter books I really did not enjoy the movie. There were several casting errors (Maggie Smith comes to mind) but the reason for the low review is this.. My 30ish sister rented the DVD to see the extra scenes. After spending an hour an a half trying to figure out where they were on the DVD she asked me to try to figure it out. After I couldn't do it (I'm the technowiz in our house) I went online to discover she had to play the game to view them. Needless to say, after all the packaging and ads screaming "deleted scenes" she was very disappointed. She was too burned out at this point to play the game so we returned it.
Great movie My kids loved it! This got my 10 year old interested in reading. I couldn't ask for anything more than that :)!
Very enjoyable even for .. what is it .. a muggle? OK so what's wrong with watching a fairy tale even though you're well past the age of majority..... nutin .... thats what .. nuttin ... I have to admit that I did expect a good film considering all the hype that I have hear but I was pleasantly surprised with this movie. Number one, the writing was supurb and I can see why the books have a following .... unlike most of the film being presented today the viewer does not know what the end of the movie will be after watching the first five minutes. OK so we know that Harry Potter isn't going to die but then thats about it. The characters are interesting well developed and the special effects are superb if noty outright magical..... Buy this DVD and Im sure you will be showing over and over with friends and family OF ALL AGES ....
Harry Potter I am gathering the entire set of Harry Potter DVD;s because I like them so much, love the imagination and fun.
A first timer at Hogwarts I really enjoyed this movie. My children have watched it about 20 times in the 3 days that we have owned it and I have watched it at least twice. I had never read the Harry Potter series novels and had no idea what to expect from this movie, but I was not disappointed. The movie is fast paced and I found it easy to follow. This movie made me want to purchase the other Harry Potter novels and left me anxiously awaiting a sequel! I did watch the deleted scenes and out takes. I didn't find it hard to get to them, but it was a little time consuming. Overall, I think that this was a very entertaining movie and good family entertainment!
Excellente Edition I ve just all in this edition one of the best!!!! except for the price, its a bit high. But its recommendable
awesome great part of the Harry Potter series and is fun and enjoyable for all ages. Follows the movie very closely.
Harry Potter movie ROCKS!!! The harry potter movie is the best movie I have ever seen I can't wait to see the clip not veiwed before.
This is a great movie. A little bit scary for little kids but a great movie for those who love adventure. The age would be about 8.
Magical First My children and I love all the Harry Potter movies. This is the first magical one and so it is our favorite.
Pottermania I have read all four of the Harry Potter books and I am starting to read them all over again. I loved this movie! It's nice to finally see a movie that is made from a book, that actually sticks to the story line. It brings to life the true imagination of J.K. Rowling. The visual effects are out of this world. This movie is not about witchcraft and ruining children's minds. This movie is about taking viewers of all ages to another place where they can have fun. We all get distracted in the real world and need to escape for something different, which is why we have movies. This creative and imaginative movie isn't just for children either. If you would like to watch an enjoyable movie without the sex, drugs, and a lot of violence for once, watch Harry Potter. You will be amazed.
Loved it... I rented this DVD to take to my 9-year old brother's birthday dinner. I thought the kids would enjoy it. Once it started, the whole family became engrossed. People have said that they were disappointed by the special effects, but you have to think beyond effects and consider the set itself...not to mention the costumes. I think it was all great! We had a lot of fun. You don't have to have read the books to see the movie, but I highly recommend doing so...the books are fabulous. The only thing that disappointed us was the second CD with all of the extras. It took everybody quite a while to figure it all out and we found it to be very anti-climactic. That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. If it was just the movie, I definitely would have given it all 5.
great movie, sound quality not so great movie is 5 stars. but the sound quality of the loud moments like the crashes and explosions is all staticy
Everyone I know who has seen it loves it Chris Columbus did an excellent job putting this book onto the screen. One of my coworkers has 6 copies of this film because she is scared of not having a back up. My teenage sisters (13, 14 and 16) love it along with my 31 year old boyfriend and I (25 years old). The only annoying thing about the dvd is that whenever you want to see the extra scenes you have to go through a whole series of stuff. Very cool the first time but irritating to have to do it everytime. The casting was perfect. The actors really look like the characters from the book. The magic was also very well done and believable. I don't recommend this movie for children too young as my friend's 5 year old daughter was scared (although she loves the movie) other than that this is a must own movie.
Interesting, But Not the Book The movie is a well-done attempt to condense the book into a watchable, visual version. However, much of the magic is convoluted and the many of the characters are made stale and wooden, partly because it is so difficult to condense this huge and irreplaceable book into a movie. One associate of mine described the acting as "psychotic." I give the girl who played Hermione Granger a thumbs-up and if you need to know the story for class, watching the movie is a good way to get it fast. But it won't be nearly as enjoyable as reading the book itself.
Love It, But There Could Be More I'm very happy to have the film in my Harry Potter collection. I love the books almost as much as C.S. Lewis' "Chronicles of Narnia", & the film is very true to the books. I hope this continues as the film series continues. One disapointment is that I wish the deleted scenes had been added INTO the film as a "Director's Cut" instead of just tacked on to the end of the tape, it would have added to it's fidelity to the source material...of course, a Director's Cut will probably come, when Warner Bros need more cash! Also, I wish the VHS would have ALL the deleted scenes, & interviews. DVD isn't an option for everyone, so while those lucky enough get the fun and games, why not give the rest of us all the tape there is?
Greatest movie ever! This movie is by far the best movie ever! I absolutely love it! Since I bought it I've already watched it six times! It might seem crazy but the movie is everything I expected it to be. It's pretty true to the book as well. I can't wait till "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets." The whole cast was great too. Daniel Radcliffe made an amazing Harry Potter and Emma Watson was great as Hermione Granger. But I think that Rupert Grint gave the best performance. For being a newcomer he was great! I think everyone was great though. I would love to know how they made Robbie Coltrane look so big but I guess that is part of the magic behind the movie. I highly recommend buying this movie. Their are only two deleted scenes on the VHS but they are cool.
Trust Me , if you liked the book you will like the movie. Despite the many of you who thought the cast was poorly chosen , I dont ithink it was chosen very well. If you think about it everybody looks just like the charecters from the book. As for the story they did leave out a couple important parts , however the movie would be way to long if it included them all. You would never be able to make a movie like The Goblet of Fire and include all the details without it being several hours longer than a normal movie. As for other reviewes like philip you obviously don't understand that the Harry Potter series goal is not to teach life lessons , but to take you away to a place you wish that you could go to , And it accomplished that! If you liked the books (i loved them!) , than you will love the movie as well.
HP RULES i am a 13year old reviewer i read all the books they are awsome how j.k. rowling came up woth it i have no idea the movie was awsome it stayed true to the book except at the ending this is a must have DVD i am reserving a copy NOW i went to the movie with my family we all loved it the acting is great and then i went to see it a second time it is awsome parents who think this is evil its not it is just fun and kool nothing evil about it : ) hope my review was helpful oh 1 more thing BUY THIS DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best movie of all time. 5 star. Takes me back One of the best movies you will own! Very adventurous and amazing. Glad to pass it down to my children.
GOLDY LOCKS WOULD SAY. "IT'S JUST RIGHT." HIGH MARKS FOR CHRIS COLUMBUS. THE DIRECTOR HAS FINALLY BURIED THE SUCCESS OF HOME ALONE WITH A MUCH BETTER PIECE OF FILMMAKING. I HAVE NOT READ ANY HARRY POTTER BOOKS, BUT I CAN'T IMAGINE THIS MOVIE NOT DOING THE BOOK JUSTICE. I THOUGHT THIS FILM WAS PURE MAGIC THAT ADULTS MIGHT ENJOY EVEN MORE THAN CHILDREN. I MUST SAY AFTER VIEWING THE MOVIE WITH A GROUP OF KIDS AGES RANGING 4-10, THE KIDS HAD MANY QUESTIONS. THE MATERIAL MAY BE A LIL' ABOVE CHILDREN UNDER 13. HOWEVER THAT DOESN'T MEAN THE YOUNGER KIDS DIDN'T LOVE THE MOVIE. ANY DVD COLLECTION WOULD LOOK BARE WITHOUT THIS ONE, SO ADD IT TO YOUR COLLECTION TODAY! I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT HARRY POTTER ADVENTURE.
I enjoyed the special features more Having read all HP books & having watched the film in the theatres, I regret to say that I was sort of disappointed with the film. I agree that with the millions of readers & viewers of the HP series, it would be difficult for the cast/crew to satisfy each & everyone's expectations. So, when I got hold of the DVD, I skipped the film & proceeded to see the speacial features. I would say the idea of coming up with 2 discs, one for the film itself + theatrical/teaser trailers & one specially for its added features is a great marketing concept. Going through the 2nd disc made the film seem more interesting & erased all my qualms --- so I ended up watching the film again --- but only after going through the 2nd disc.
The best movie in the world!!!!!!!!! The Harry Potter movie is the best movie in the world!! Daniel Radcliffe did an excellent job as Harry Potter. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson were wonderful at portraying their characters. Grint and Watson should get the same amount of credit as Daniel Radcliffe. Chris Columbus did a brilliant job directing the film. David Heyman did a spectacular job as the producer. And the rest of the cast did an amazing job playing their characters. The special effects were done wonderfully and were very life-like. The movie is a must own movie. I have never seen any movie like it! The movie stayed true to the book by J. K. Rowling. Only few things were changed and cut out. If you haven't seen the movie yet, I say to go see it. It will be worth it. Trust me!
Not as good as the book, but still a good movie. This is a good movie. It stays pretty clean. And it has some great action. This movie is a must buy.
Ahhh the memories This takes me back. I was so happy to see the HP series come to the big screen. I was not disappointed
I recommend this title I've read all four books of Harry Potter and can't wait for the next. And of course I'd like to see the movie. The movie is excellent, but I feel a little bit frustrated because so many things has been cut out from the original story. The thrill of the books because of the way the writer expressing exaggeratingly on what happen to the character, that's what make it so fun to read. And the character, besides Harry, Hermione and Ron is nice too, especially Fred & George and of course in the other books, Oliver Wood. However, I still like the movie and keep recommending to each of my family member to watch it. Mind you, I'm 31 years old actually, but I like to watch it so that I can share the fun with my kids and nieces and nephews.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I think Harry Potter had lots of action. It had the characters fit the description from the book. The movie was funny and serious. But one thing I think should be changed is when they enter thier dormatries. In the book it had alot of more action. But my favorite thing is when they get past Fluffy (3 headed dog) to get to the chambers. One of my favorite charachters is Ron. He`s really funny!! My favorite scences is when you see Voldemort on the back of Professer Quirell's head. I like the movie because it brought everything to life. Like the castle. It looked so real! So did the troll. One reason I don't think they should have made the movie is because it takes away your imagination. That`s my opion on Harry Potter!
Great !! Finally a movie the whole family can enjoy, If you liked Willow? Then you will like Harry Potter
Very Well Done Film I did like it. "A viewer", I know you are entitled to your opinion. But so is everyone else. While you thought it was "horrendus", other people thought it was "marvelous". I personally hated The Lord of the Rings. I just didn't like it. Too violent and the acting wasn't very good. But that's just my opinion. But Harry Potter DOES have the essence of Harry Potter, you are wrong. And I AM NOT SAYING THIS BECAUSE I LIKED THE BOOKS. As a matter of fact, I didn't like the books all that much. But I personally thought the movies' special effects and acting were incredible. So, everyone, don't judge it completely on one person's review: everyone's opinion is different. You might love this film. Who knows until you see it?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Hello, I am 12 years old and a big fan of the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling. This film adaptation of the first installment of the Harry Potter series is an instant classic. The movie stays 100% true to the book. I applaud Chris Columbus for his wonderful cinematography in this movie. The only problem with Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is that the actors fall short of my expectations and take away from the magical characters of the story. While Daniel Radcliffe and Rupird Grint are terrible actors, Emma Watson is stunning in this film. I reccommend this movie to everyone. I hope you enjoy it! Don't take my opinion for it though. Buy the movie and see it for yourself. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone!
Good movie all around! I bought this for myself a short time ago and I love it. An excellent piece for my movie collection.
Harry Potter Rules! Who doesn't love Harry Potter? I've been a fan since the beginning and I'll be a fan until the end.
harry is the man ...complain about the cutting up of the book and definately the first time i saw it (opening night, hell yeah!) it was like woah wait where are they but the second time it made more sense and when the dvd comes out i expect it to make more and more sense with every viewing. Emma Watson definately was the best actor in the whole group, she was mad good. Harry was alright too but Ron well he's Ron i guess i shouldn't have expected much. But the storyline makes up for any flaws any actor would have. They could have cast Tom Cruise as Harry and the story would have still worked alright. This is a great movie and with the promise of more storyline with deleted scenes it should be pretty insane. Check this movie out now.
As a kids movie, I'll give it 5 stars Very original but I thought it lacked a little in plot and it is a little slow in parts. It is a lenghty movie, at least it seemed like it to me. Nevertheless, I did enjoy it and would watch it again. It is the story of a boy who finds out he is a wizard and gets to attend a special school to hone his skills. He and his friends at school get into an adventure. It is super entertainment for pre-teens and young teens. The effects are good, casting is awesome. I think the creators should be proud. We need more safe quality entertainment available for kids. I do look forwards to more Harry movies. Worth seeing for sure. If you keep in mind that it is geared more for a younger audience, you will not be dissapointed.
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
A fun intro to Harry Potter In some ways, this is the best Harry Potter movie. It's light enough for kids, but the story is engaging enough for adults. The beginning of the film really captures the magical world of wizardry, from the goblins to the first quidditch game. It stands well enough alone as a movie - you don't really need to know much about Harry Potter before watching it. The kids are excellent actors. Rewatching it again after many, many years, I was impressed with the range of young Ron's emotions (by contrast, I find his later character a bit boring and pouty). They're adorable and frankly well cast. Some of the later Harry Potter films are better produced and have better special effects, but few are so satisfying.
Not just for kids anymore Ok I admit it I have read the books and I eagerly awaited the movie. I am almost as big of a Harry Potter fan as some of those kids. I have found myself not so patiently waiting for the next book and the next movie to come out. This movie has stunning visual effects, you almost feel Fluffy slobbering on you. During the Quidditch matches you want to reach out and take a hold of Harry's Nimbus 2000 and feel like you are flying with them. This movie has come along at a time when parents need to escape into to the magic world even more than the kids. The director went to great pains to stay as close to the story as possible and has done a great job. In fact, this movie made me re-read the books.
wonderful family film This is one of the greatest series of films that has ever come out. We have watched these in our house many many times, and this, the first, is still my favorite. We never tire of them and are watching the whole series The kids in this are so small, now younger than our youngest. They are realistic kids, truly fine actors, who make you believe not just in the magic, but also their development as individuals. Harry, with his search for family, love, and a way ahead in his life, is particularly vital. IT is a world so complete that it is no wonder they are among the first books my kids read. And it is very cool, in just the way kids appreciate. REcommended with enthusiasm.
Movies from Books I usually dislike a movie that is from a book because it is usually missing a lot of important details that the book has which I know cannot be helped. Sometimes things are changed which is a big no no! But picking out key elements is a must have if you are going to be successful with the movie, fans, and readers. I thought the movie did well with following the plot of the book, key elements were targeted and things that were left out weren't really needed. The characters were very convincing and were just as I had imagined them from the book. Other movies from books could take a few notes from this one. I just hope they are just as successful with the next Harry Potter movie.
Phenomenal - by Jacob (aged almost 8) I loved it! I read the book first and loved the book as well. I liked every single bit in the movie. It's good because it was exciting, interesting. I like the characters, especially Harry Potter. The acting is great. I almost never watch movies more than once but this one I want to watch again as soon as it is finished. If my parents didn't control my tv/computer time to a half an hour a day on weekdays and an hour on weekends, I would be watching it all the time if I wasn't playing hockey. My parents just got it for an early birthday present because I had to return the library copy. Read the book first and if you like it, definitely watch the movie. You won't be disappointed!
One of the best movies I have ever seen!! This movie was great!! Okay, I admit that to me it was a bit boring because I have read the books and I already knew what was gonna happen. This movie shoud be seen by people who haven't read the books, because you'll enjoy it much more and it'll be more exiting. But I bought the DVD and I loved it! It took me a while to find the deleted scenes and I think that they woud have looked very good in the movie, but then again, it woud have been WAY too long. Anyway, I loved the movie and to those people who think this movie is not for kids, it is. I think that you need to imaginate and this movie makes you imaginate. And besides, in case you haven't noticed, the rating's PG, not R!!!
One of 2001's Best movies. Very faithful to the book and simply an Amazing movie. It's based on J.K. Rowling's Popular books, it's about a Orphaned Boy who is actully a Wizard and is sent to a special School where he gets training for a year to become a full fledge Wizard. It's such a brilliant and visual triumph which will be a classic in the Fantasy hall of fame with: " The Dark Crystal", " The Wizard of Oz", " Labyrinth", " The Princess Bride", " Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Rings", " The Neverending Story", " Conan The Barbarian" and " The Last Unicorn." A must see! but it may scare children under 7.
Five Stars My 9 year old and 7 year old loved reading this book!! Great mixture of adventure and magic!
Classic! This movie is a classic! I ADORE this movie and am so glad I got it to add to my collection!
Extended Harry Potter AWESOME! The film that started it all. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the movie that got me hooked on the Harry Potter franchise and I'm so glad I caught it on HBO when I was younger. Now I get to experience the magic in great Blu-ray quality! The extended editions are fantastic! They add more story to the films that I could never get tired of watching and while the special features are alright the brilliance lies in the extended version. Christopher Columbus was brilliant with the films and it's a shame the later directors didn't come back to take time to create extended editions of all the remaining films as well. It's what almost every Harry Potter fan wants!
New or old? Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone: An amazing book! Most of the country, and a large percent of the world has read it. Perhaps thats what took away from the movie, that I knew what was around every corner. Oh, its not that the actual movie is bad, its just that so many people are familiar with the story already that it doesn't really have the same affect as if you had never heard the plot before. Using actual places, and incredible graphics to illistrate the story in a realistic way doesn't even begin to compare to our imagination. If you haven't already seen it i suggest that you rent it first, because by the second time you see it there is no surprise.
Harry Potter is greatness. I don't know what the other fellow is on about but there is nothing wrong with a special edition of Harry Potter, especially if you don't already have a copy of the Sorcerer's Stone. There's not really much that the studio can do to this movie to change it one way or another. If it is a two-sided single disc, so what? I have other movies on a two-sided disc and I find it to be very convenient. If you don't already own this movie then I suggest you buy it. Unless you desire heavy themes and truly terrible scenes then perhaps Harry Potter is for you. Most kids will love the show.
Excellent I found the movie adaptation of Harry Potter excellent and the special features excellent. The best thing I loved from this DVD was the way that you can explore some areas of Hogwarts in real life with a rotating camera and not only that, the storyboards they made for most of the sets like the Quidditch game. The only minor problem with this Dvd is that to find the deleted scenes when you don't know how can be quite difficult. The only thing I can tell is thaht the place where you have to go to find them after getting your wand is to go in the classrooms area and touch the owl statue on the screen and then on the H on the pillar. Good luck
I Can Stand To Watch It A Few Times. This is a miracle. I can watch a movie four times without getting bored. The book to script conversion is masterfully done, with the right changes needed. The special features don't go overboard, either, but they have enough to fulfill Potter's legions of fans. Is there a downside? Maybe the movie drags on at times and seems a little outside of even magical reality, but Rowling can push the envelope and still pull it off. The acting is decent enough, the effects are well done, the plot is incredible, and the entire thing is well carried out. "We expect great things from you, Harry Potter". Don't blow it come Chamber of Secrets. B+
This Movie was OKAY This movie I liked a lot. I have to say the book is a lot better. This movie seems to have been a bit boring at times and not always following the book. Although, I do think this movie had some excellent graphics. Fluffy was amazing, the graphics I mean. The casting, I think, was perfect. They chose the best people they could find. I also think they look extroardinarily like I pictured them in the book. I do still think that this movie could've been better directed. The movie practically had them walking around half of the time to a class or other. This is what I had to say on this movie. I still think, though, the books were a lot better.
Great Movie w/ Lots of DVD Extras This first Harry Potter film is among one of my favorites and the DVD itself is superb. Any blockbuster movie in a widescreen DVD format along with lots of extras is perfect, trust me! There's not much sense in me to review the movie, since you've all gotten enough of that. What can I add? Well, it's just that I am VERY happy this DVD purchase and I have not regret one bit. It's one of those favorites that will remain in my collection for a long time. Oh yes, there's is just one little complaint. I was disappointed that the DVDs came in a box package. I wish it came in a sturdier, plastic case, like the LOTR one. Hehe :)
Good DVD, but where is the HP 2 trailer??? This is a review of the DVD, not really of the movie. I thought the DVD had a lot of great extras, although it would have been nice if the deleted scenes could have been watched within the movie, sort of like a special edition. The biggest flaw with the DVD, in my opinion, is that there was not footage of the upcoming Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets!!! I really think WB really messed up here. Why not give us a glimpse of the next installment? The movie has to be in at least post-production by now. I was a little disappointed. Other than that, great DVD, if you liked the movie, you will like the DVD.
Good Movie, but don't deny yourself the book! The movie of the first Harry Potter book is worthy of the time and money to watch it, but it lacks in one essential element; the characters don't seem to believe in the reality of their world as much as I. Hermione never looks around the Great Hall when she first walks in; when he comes to pick him up from the island, Haggrid acts like it has been a few days since he last saw Harry, not many years. There are many such examples. I am glad for any and all attention the movies generates for the books, however. Ms. Rowling works deserve all the attention they get. Seek them. THERE lies a real adventure in reading.
Meh There are a couple scenes that make a little more sense, but there are some that just don't fit into the story line, and overall they do not flow with the story, it is obvious why they were cut. Not worth it if you own the original.
Great Movie but an average DVD! This movie is a great movie. Realeased the 16th November 2001, it was at the top of the box office for three weeks. This movie had a great soundtrack that should have won an oscar. The kids in the movie were great actors and the imagery in the movie was the most beautiful. The DVD was OK but the special features could have been much more and for a movie that grossed 317 million dollars US and is the number 2 movie in the world grossing 965 million dollars, you would think they would have more special features. For the Harry Potter fan this a must but for the average person you may find this disappointing.
Potter Rules I am a huge fan of everything Potter and very much enjoyed the film. I was thrilled that as it was a British book, set in britain and written by a Brit, that it was kept this way through out. Not that im slating other countries and their films, it was just so refreshing that it was all kept as it should and was in the book. I cant wait for the next book and for chamber to be released on film. Naturally there were many scenes left out and a few things changed for the film, but if they had put everything in the film, it would have had to be at least 4 hours long. Bravo Harry, cant wait to see you again!!
Simplified edition of a great movie I love this movie, and so happy for this product! When HP and the SS first came out on DVD, I spent way too much money on the cardboard, fold-out case with bonus discs and plastic inserts that came unglued and made the discs pop out. When my children finally, definitively destroyed both the case and the disc, it was time for a replacement. How happy it made me to find this very inexpensive, simplified presentation of this movie. It's a plastic case, when you open it, there is one simple disc that contains the movie. That's it! That's all I need! I may have to replace my Chamber of Secrets DVD as well.
a grrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat movie This is one of the best and well thought up movies ever made. Daniel Radcliffe was terrific. The movie is about a boy who finds out he has magical powerers and gets sent to a school called hogwarts. He also finds out he famous for surviving Avada Kendavra (Killing Curse) fron Voldemort (he-who-must-not-be-named). He meets Hermione and Ron. They then have many adventures together like an encounter with the three-headed dog fluffy. the only glitch in this movie was where was the dueling club? I an looking forward to harry potter 2 coming out November 15! 2002 (one day before #1
Excellent, A sure classic. This movie was entertaining, exciting, and just plain wonderful. Of special note; my grandson, who is a Harry Potter expert, could only find two or three deviations from the book. We went to the film as a family, Granddad, Grandmother, Dad, Mom, Son, Daughter, and Aunt. All 7 of us were delighted. It rate at the top, along with classics such as Wizard of OZ, Tales of Narnia, and Lord of the Rings. Hooray for such a delightful family film.
Okay I never read the book but as a movie there are promblems with its translation to screen. While the story is basically good the exposition takes a really long time. By the time you get to the main conflict it feels somewhat thrown in and resolved quickly. Unfortunately the movie was marketed to fans of the book who are mostly too young to sit through a movie longer than 2 hours. Harry Potter probably needed about 3 hours or a more efficiant filmaker. It seems like they wanted to include everything from the books opening but ran out of alotted time or money when the conflict arose.
Coooooooooooool Movie this movie is great for everyone all over the world!this movie is especially great for BIG harry potter fans like me! this movie is the first out of 7 movies. the movie is so much alike the book. it's the beginning of harry's wizard training. the actors are great! very much alike the characters of the book. the movie starts with the beating of lord voldemort. he the lives with his aunt and uncle. then he finds out he's a wizard from Hagrid. he then begins his training sorted into gryfindor. he then finds himself face-to-face to lord voldemort is a great movie and we should all see it
What's up with the whining adult reviews. Appearently too many adults that reviewed the movie failed to remember that this is an adaptation of a childerns book, for those childern. Trying to compare this movie to "The Lord of The Rings", a movie made for adults from a book written for adults is childish and makes the reviewer peavish at best. Instead of complaining about the adaptation, be thankful the director made the movie for the childern who loved the book and did not attempt to convert it to something for adults which probly would end up not pleasing either the adults or the childern for whom it was written.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I have read all the books and then on opening night I saw the movie. A lot of the story was breezed through missing 2/3's of signifigance. For instance the loathing of the Dursley's that Harry feels, why the Dursley's hate magical people so much, how extensive Harrys fame is in the magical world. But the thing that great fantasy movies have which this film lacks is a narative at the begining. like the scrolling script at the start of Star Wars, or the spoken narative at the start of the Highlander. That's why I can't wait to get the DVD, so I can see all the cool extra stuff.
It is worth the money to buy it on DVD I loved the film. It was what I thought the world of harry Potter was going to be like. The film and the book though are different in some ways but for the most part the film was true to the book. Seeing Qudditch being played was breath taking. It was wonderful watching and knowing what wonderful work they did in that seen. The casting was just right. I thought that they picked the right person to play Snape the potions teacher. I loved the way they did Volodmort on the back of qurrel's head. This is the best movie of the year i cannot bleave that it did not win best film
A must see! It's Harry Potter. Enough said! 5/5 stars and recommended to ALL movie lovers!
Great movie. I am a fan of the books and enjoyed this movie a lot. Few things were left out of the book and I thought the casting was all dead on. The movie part of the DVD is spectacular. Great crisp video and audio. The only complaint I have is that the special features on the DVD are for kids only. I didn't get any real enjoyment out of them, but I guess being 26 years old I wasn't the target audience and it's only a minor inconvience. Would have absolutely loved a commentary with the actors that played Harry, Ron and Hemione but still the DVD was a great value.
Worth waiting 4 hours in line!!! This movie was excellent, that's all you can say really. I liked it so much that I saw it 8 times in the theater! ... I don't think they could have picked better actors and actresses to portray the characters Everything from that to the scenery was wonderful. The Quidditch scene is amazing because it is exactly what I had envisoned when reading the book. A must see and a must buy movie. I rate it 10 stars...even though you can't. I have already pre-ordered my copy, how about you??
I have seen the DVD, and it is amazing! My video store got an advance copy of Harry Potter on DVD and the quality is superb! Plus, I love watching movies in the Widescreen format, but this movie looks great in Full Screen. There were no features on the disc, except a teaser and a theatrical trailer. But I will definitely buy the 2-disc edition on DVD, when it is officially released. The quality is sharp, the sound is terrific. The colors are vibrant, you can see every little detail. Ron's hair looks very bright on this DVD, I think Warner over did it with that. But no complaints here. Great looking DVD!
Great Movie. This is a very great film w/ many actors that fit the characters perfectly. The DVD features are fairly well done, but can get tedious when trying to access some of the extras. One of them is the deleted scenes. You have to basically do many different task to access this feature. Sure it's great if your doing it for the first time, but after that it gets pretty annoying. On a positive side, this DVD has probably one of the best sounds around (That's if you've the right equipment). Overall it's a very good DVD that's not to be missed by any Harry Potter Fan.
Classic for a new generation My 11-year old daughter and I both have been reading the series of Harry Potter books. We saw this movie in the theaters and we both loved it. It was one of those movies that we just had to keep talking about long after it was over. Of course, as soon as the DVD came out, we had to have it! It is, in my opinion, one of the very few movies that actually holds true to the book. The cast and movie direction - it's look and feel - are right on! Everything in the movie is how we imagined it while reading the book. An excellent movie for kids and adults alike.
A Timeless Treasure When I first saw this movie with my mom, I fell in love with it instantly. I have already read the books and the movie followed the book exactly. All the effects, scenary, and characters came together to make this Harry Potter collage [or movie, so to speak]. The bottom line is....this movie is one of the most spectacular movies of all time! I highly recommend that you should buy this movie. All I have to say is that this movie is timeless! BUY IT! IT'S WORTH IT THE MONEY!!!
Five Stars I love these movies and having the little extra that came in this was great.
Cool-umbus did a good job with what he had... Yes! This is a great movie. I have been a big fan of Harry Potter for three years now, and I must say that the books are wonderful. The movie... The movie is good. Christopher Columbus is awesome, because he turned the book into almost exactly what I had imagined it would be. And he most definitely has good taste in actors. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson did commendable jobs, but by far the one who stole the show was Rupert Grint, the red-headed kid who does an excellent job portraying Ron Weasley. He's definitely the primo kid. Hasta la vista!
Good First Entry of This Legendary series I am one that has never read the Harry Potter books, but really did enjoy this movie. I wouldn't say that it is amazing, but it does appeal to all ages. The story is really good, but the CGI used in the movie is a little dated. There are scenes when you can tell that it is computer animated because the characters look like something from a video game. Not really used to seeing a movie when they use CG for the actors and it is slowed down enough where you get a good look and are able to tell the actor fake. It just takes away from the movie a little.
Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone - DVD Wow! What a magical ride. We have watched this DVD repeatedly and each time, I not only enjoy the cinematography, music, and creativeness involved, but I see something that I didn't before. Some little detail that enhances the overall experiance. Can't wait for the next one. Recommended for Adults and Children! How great is it that there is a movie that speaks to both groups. The family can sit down together again, pass the popcorn, and bond!! -Beth W.
Easter Eggs?? Not having read the book, i really enjoyed this flick and if fact was surprised at how much i liked it. I can totally understand why the books appeal to old and young kids. I wondered if buying the Widescreen Edition and viewing it on a small tv (less than 20 in) would take away from the viewing experience, I am happy to say it did not. The DVD itself has some kinda cool sections for kids to check out and interact with. Unlike some other dvds, you actually have to hunt for the deleted scenes or at the very least pay attention to menus.
Don't compare this to the book. Although they crammed a lot of details into the movie, the book is the book, and nothing can surpass the brilliant writing. As movies go, this one is very entertaining and wonferfully safe for children. Casting is brilliant, and the pace of the movie is just right. No luls, some nice suprises, etc. My only complaint is with the special features the DVD boasts. Many were on the website previous to the movie, and the die hard fans wanted something fresh and exciting to see. Where are the behind the scenes looks, and character profiles? Not on here!
Faithful to the Book For Both Good and Ill The film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful and faithful to the book as well as to it's main audience of young readers. Director/Producer Chris Columbus worked deftly with his young stars and acting veterans to bring J.K. Rowlings' Hogwarts to life as young Harry Potter discovers his place in the wizarding world. While the film is faithful to the book, this a determent as well. The attempt to replicate as much as possible the well loved book to cater to the film's young audience, drags down the overall product as many favorite scenes that could have been skipped or shortened were in the film whole. The decision to cater to the millions of young readers is understandable, however it created several instances of plot dragging which is very noticeable on film than on a page. The acting is very good and natural for main of the young actors, many of whom were doing their first acting jobs in this film. The veteran actors on the cast did a superb job in their characters--whether teachers, relatives, or other adults--which provided the world Rowlings created with an air of realism and not the sense that they were doing the film for a paycheck. Overall, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful film that this faithful to the book for both good and ill. It is a fantastic first installment of the Potter film franchise that any new young reader of the Potter books would greatly enjoy.
Amazing Harry! There are WAY too many special features to list here, but trust me folks... anyone who wants a ton of features on the making of a movie you love... this edition has it! The audio and video are superb, especially on blu-ray, and the fact that there are scenes integrated back into the movie that weren't IN the theatrical version is one of the things that's making me jump for joy. If you are a fan of these movies as I am... RUN, don't walk, and get these editions! (knocking on wood) Hoping the other films will get the same treatment.
"Followed the book exactly!" I've only seen the theatrical release of this movie, but it was the bomb! My favorite scene was when Hermione, Harry, and Ron battle the Mountain Troll. The most action-packed scene was the Quidditch game, at which ended with Harry spitting out the Golden Snitch, therefore winning the game over to Gryffindor (I don't know if that's how you spell it or not). It was funny when Harry talked to the boa constrictor, it scared Dudley. Anyway, this was a really cool movie, and was suspenseful at times. I definately recommend this!
A really good buy! The video store that I reserved Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone at must have made a mistake because they released it on May 23. I was lucky enough to get a copy of the DVD version and it is spectacular! There are two CD's, the first one is the actual Harry Potter movie, and the second has extras such as interviews with the producers and a tour of Hogwarts and so on. You can go to Diagon Alley and buy a wand, and then attend classes. The transition from movie screen to tv is great! This is one movie you should not miss!
Enjoyable translation of J.K. Rowling's book An enjoyable cinematic translation of J.K. Rowling's first Harry Potter book, with bright colorful imagery, good acting and an incredible John Williams soundtrack. Other than a couple spooky scenes this was a decent family picture with many enjoyable characters, particularly Alan Rickman's portrayal of Prof. Snape, which in many ways steals the film as far as I'm concerned. While the tone of the later films seems to take a colder, darker spin, this one is probably the lightest of the series and introduces the series very well.
Too Long! I really did not like the book. I did, however, enjoy the film. There is something to be said for a film that stays true to the material on which it is based, and this film is very faithful to the book. There is also something to be said for a film that manages to be as good or better than the material on which it is based. So why only 4 stars out of 5? The film is simply too long ... it could have been cut by 15-30min. Other than that, no complaints whatsoever, and that is coming from someone who did not like the book.
Great imagery and story excitement I thoroughly enjoyed the book and now the movie. The movie adheres to the book faithfully, and the characters are perfectly cast. The scenes, costumes, and adventure all add up to great entertainment. Every scene has so much detail and the director has wonderfully created the fantasy elements. This is a great family film with good character role models. Even though the story is about wizards and witches, it definitely does not enter into the demonic or satanistic realm but rather pure fantasy, like the Wizard of Oz.
I really liked this movie! But, of course, not nearly as much as I love all of the books! I was a little surprised by the "special feature" disc. Actually, I was a bit frustrated. The explore-and-discover format was an interesting concept, and a semi-enjoyable experience, but I'm afraid it may just annoy people who aren't Harry Potter fanatics. Those who just want to see the deleted scenes and be done with it. The deleted scenes were good, though. I would love to eventually see a version of the movie with them integrated back in.
Harry Potter...the Snow White for Boys! From the beginning Harry Potter takes you to a different world. The world of a great imagination where anything can happen and does. It takes you through a full range of emotions...happiness and sadness and everything else inbetween. What can I say! I probably loved it more than my children. I've watched over 10 times and I still get over the greatest mystery at the end of the story. I am also a mystery fan and I was totally fooled to the very end of the movie. It's a treasure. If you haven't seen it you should.
Good Move - Okay DVD The movie is not nearly as good as the book. What else is new. I just don't understand how they could do the movie without Peeves. That really is too much. Aside from the terrible CGI I really enjoyed the Movie. The DVD is another matter. It is only worth it if you get the Widescreen version. Other that the deleted scenes with are very hard to find, there is little else to enjoy more that one time. I am ready for the new book, but it doesn't appear that we will get that anytime soon. So enjoy the Movie.
Worse than I remembered. The acting is terrible. Rupert Grint and Alan Rickman are the only ones who actually act in this film. They cut out so much of the book. Rowling needs to choose new actors and re-do the entire series, with Harry ending up with Hermione as intended.
Just as great as the books! I am a major fan of the J.K. Rowling books of Harry Potter. I was costantly on the edge of my seat to read more and more of Harry Potter with all the time I could. After I have finished the four books, I bought and saw the movie. This movie made me love Harry Potter even more. Daniel Radcliffe has done great in this movie, so has Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson. This movie is exactly like this book and the whole cast is exactly like the characters in this book. This film is definetley a success!!!
Harry Potter...the Snow White for Boys! From the beginning Harry Potter takes you to a different world. The world of a great imagination where anything can happen and does. It takes you through a full range of emotions...happiness and sadness and everything else inbetween. What can I say! I loved it! I've watched it over 10 times and I still can't get over the greatest mystery at the end of the story. I am also a mystery fan and I was totally fooled to the very end of the movie. It's a treasure. If you haven't seen it you should.
62 years after the wizard of Oz! Harry Potter `s Op 1 is a delightful and funny movie that shows us the rites of initiation of an elite of children predestined to learn the basic tools, rituals and practices of the magician's. They will be sent to a consecrated institution where you will be transported to a surprising universe of funny games and mystery around. Funny entertainment and ebullient imagination all the way through.Maggie Smith(one of my most beloved British actress ever) is overwhelming in her role.
It's missing some thing Harry Potter was a good movie and has agreat DVD. I have all the books and i love them all, but the movie is missing some parts thats in the book. In the book Harry has todrink a potion to get through the fire and when Professor Qurriel tried to kill Harry at the Quidditch match Snape got in the the way of him when actually in the book Hermione knocked him into the row in front him. Even if they added all the cool features, the movie would have been better if they cagend them a little bit.
The movie is ok I think it does a very good job of retelling the books I mean they practically take the chapters word for word. Harry Potter also provides some wonderful cameo roles for 2 very fine english actors namly Allien Rickmen and John C(from Monty Python). It suffers from from only one thing the kids sound like they are reading from the script of a middle school play. It is not really an issue for your kids, and you will probably be too busy paying attention to the special effects to notice.
The World of Harry Potter is Brought to Life WONDERFULLY! I had mixed feelings about Harry Potter coming to the big screen, but then I saw the movie. Wow. Chris Columbus has done an excelent job of bring Harry's world to life. Everything is just how I imagined it, right down to the last hallway and giant christmas tree. Hogwarts is amazing, and the quidditch game is awesome. While some of the special effects could use some work, overall they were all right. This movie is an instant classic for kids and adults. HP fans will be spellbound!
Great movie fun; why so hard to access specials? I'm not a Harry Potter reader, but I still love the movie. The DVD edition has terrific anamorphic video and great sound. Even the darkest scenes show plenty of detail on a capable home theater. Why are the special features, especially the deleted scenes and interviews buried in kids games? I'd just like to see them without wading through silly games and "tours." Come on, DVD authors, we are not all 11 year old wizards. We muggles just want to view the features.
Never knew about this one! I have been a huge Harry Potter fan since 2004. While deployed to Afghanistan I watched the first three movies and read the first four books. My collection now includes all eight movies on both DVD and Bluray, the American version books and the British version of the books. Once I heard that their was the British version with the title Philosopher's Stone it became a must buy. I believe that anyone who has a love for the series should consider adding this to their collection.
One of my fave's. For start, the movie is really great, is not for just kids as many people say, i'm 15 and i like it, the special effects are good, when you start to see it, the movie introduce you in a world of magic, i can't wait to see the new one (the chamber of secrets), if you don't wanna buy it, go and rent it, in other hand i'm a little disappointed of the DVD, yes i admit, it has a lot of stuff, but i think that is not that great as all the people tought, anyway..., just check it.
The best director of the series My favorite HP movies are the first two that Chris Columbus directed. I love the whole series of books and movies, but I feel that the imagery produced by Columbus gives that added element of reality and growth of characters. Anyone that has not seen the film yet should definitly get this as soon as they can. A family film that runs over 2 hours you can be assured wil get most of the book details into it and acurate. This is no exception. I love this movie and so will you.
Not Too Shabby...but As a prof. of mine says, "you can always tell what's good about somehting so there's no need to discuss that" so I'll just address the parts that were a bit of a disappointment. I first picked up a Harry Potter book for a course I was taking on the role of the adolescent in literature, in which I was supposed to do an annotated bib of modern YA novels. I begrudged Harry all the hype surrounding him, assuming that I would never fall for somehting so publicized. I was wrong. I read all four books back to back in two monthes and this was with a 15 credit course load at the same time, so enough said. So in terms of the film, you can only imagind my excitement over its release on video (I'd been interested in it in the theaters just based on the adverts but couldn't get anyone too see it with me, at the time). I preordered the DVD from Amazon.co.uk and when it arrived my family insisted on my waiting for them to watch it, since my interest in the books had spread to them like wildfire by then (My fifty-one year old dad is just about to finish his turn through them all). The movie was so much like the book with the exception of the end that it left little for me to see new - that is I had already watched it as such in my mind and so if felt like nothing I was seeing was anything different. I enjoyed being introduced to the characters for the first time, but I was surprised to find Harry the tallest of the group, when in the books Ron calls him a midget. Also, I personally thought Herminoe was almost too cute, since I always pictured her as being a bit homely - although my dad had a fit over how well she was cast, so I suppose good protrayal is a bit subjective. That aside, I liked the characters. I didn't even mind Daniel Radcliffe being the tallest eleven-year-old I've seen to date, he did such a nice job - exactly as I pictured Harry, aside from the height. While a lot of reviews criticized Rupert Grint for not being sarcastic enough in his role as Ron, I was pleasantly surprised after reading them, to find that I enjoyed him. I think there were essentially three drawbacks to the movie that promtped me to give it four stars instead of five: The movie, prbably due to time constraints, had almost none of the satire that I loved so much in the book - it was like all the Harry Potter story with very little of the heart. I think this was not so much a fault of the actors, but that they just tried to fit too much else in. I would have preferred more good dialogue, even if it meant lengthening it or cutting out something. It was just lacking in this dept, which kept me from being completely "into" it so I felt very little empathy with the movie, unlike the book. The one exception was in the "Mirror or Erised" scene, which I thought was touching. The other thing that I thought caused the movie to suffer was that they had Harry being much sharper and more sure of himself than in the books. Hermione was really the one who solved most of the mystery and the way they discovered Flamel on screen threw me a bit. Also, the entire encounter with Voldemort was changed. That bit felt more like "Harry Potter meets the Mummy," which was a letdown. I thought it odd that they would be so careful about detail and yet alter the most important scene so dramatically. Lastly, although I enjoyed the Quidditch scene, it too fast moving and at times, hard to follw, and looked a bit fake, especially when people got knocked askew on their broomsticks - more like puppets than people, really. Although I outlined primarily what I considered to be flaws, I did enjoy the movie as a whole and am looking forward to the sequal. I was not thrilled with it, but pleasantly surprised, especially with the performances of the children, since child actors usually have a tendency to act too young or old instead of their supposed age level. I would recommend this movie to anyone, whether they read the books or not, but would say to read them first, anyway. I think it was better for me that I did. I'll probably end up buying the American version as well, and go to the Borders midnight Harry Potter party to do it, too. I am a loyal fan, so although I'm a little bit let down, I have faith in the future releases, and will be fairly content, as long as they're as good as the first.
Harry Potter Rocks I loved the movie in theaters and I ordered it. The special effects are amazing and the movie passes so quickly. I never wanted it to end. Although many cool parts of the book are left out in the movie, it was still great.If the whole book was made into the movie and nothing was left out, it would be about 5 hours long. I think that the length was good and I absolutely loved seeing the book come to life. I could watch it over and over and over again and never get bored.
Great Movie I love the Harry Potter series but have been extremely frustrated with trying to purchase the complete movies, not the ones with the deleted scenes. I thought this one had the deleted scenes included in the movie but it is on the second dvd and you have to go through all kinds of steps to get to them. Kids may like that but as an adult, I'd rather have them included in the movie. Other than that, I have enjoyed all the Harry Potter movies and watch them frequently.
It's "Harry" To the ALL-CAPS REVIEWER KID (HAROLD POTTER MOVIES ARE THE WORST EVER), I would like to point out, as a matter of interest, that insulting our intelligence is not the greatest way to make us realize, YES, you're right, these movies are AWFUL! (They aren't). And, for future reference, his name is Harry. Not Harold.
HARRY POTTER RULES I LOVED THE MOVIE ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BOOKS. AS SOON AS IT WAS FOR SALE I BOUGHT THE DVD FOR MY OWN COLLECTION, IT IS A KEEPER. A CORNER OF MY LIVING ROOM IS DEVOTED TO HARRY. I CAN HARDLY WAIT UNTIL THE NEXT MOVIE IS OUT. MY BIRTHDAY IS NOV 11TH SO WHEN THE NEXT MOVIE IS OUT ON THE 15TH, IT WILL BE LIKE A BELATED BIRTHDAY PRESENT. I HAVE SEEN A PREVIEW OF IT AND IT LOOKS AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ONE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, PRODUCERS, DIRECTORS AND STARS.
Absolutely Fabulous!! In my opinion, this is one of the best movies I have ever seen! I bought the 2-disc DVD set and have watched it 4 times already! I haven't read the books yet and am a little unsure as to whether or not I am going to read them before or after I see the next movies. I think that I will probably break down and read them. The scenery in this movie is absolutly amazing! And the kids that they chose did a very good job. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
Both Discs offer good quality and fun! Disc1= This is the main movie. It's about a boy who finds out he is a wizard, and is very popular from escaping the evil wizard Voldemort. He goes to Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardy to learn to become a wizard. Good quality, great acting, but not as close to the book as we would have hoped. Disc2 Packed with fun stuff! Get your own wand, Explore Hogwarts, and more! This Movie is a good family film, but may be scary to young children.
A Great Movie, and a DVD to match its standards! This movie was great, and followed the book very well. The only thing I have to say about it is that it was a little long, but other than that, it was absolutely perfect! The activities on the DVD are extremely fun. You can "explore" Hogwarts in the second CD! Being an very big Harry Potter fan, this was definetly a plus. The DVD of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is terrific. I strongly recommend it to anyone who liked the movie.
Endless drinking at the fountain This movie will never let go of you. You'll wait for the movie to keep going when the credits roll. Columbus immerses you in a completely believable set of circumstances. Watson, Radcliffe and Grint are the hyperdynamic cast! Something like a Vitamin C capsule mixed with calcium saccharin: makes you wonder just what it is they're headed for. Can't wait for a director's cut!
The Best Move Ever!!!!! Everybody should see this move!!! I absolutly loved it !!!!!! I know now this is the best move ever! I am getting it as soon as it comes out! I am always reading the Harry Potter books. When I saw the adventures of Harry Potter come to life It blew me away! I waited for it to come out on theatures and it seemed for a very, very, very long time. It felt like I was a person in in Harry Potter's adventure! It was terrific! Daniel is a good actor!!!!
Fun Movie for Harry Potter Fans You must read the book before reading this movie especially with school-age children. There are very scary parts but if you read the book first you should be fine. We read all 4 books with our 8 yr daughters before seeing this movie. They were fine because they knew what was going to happen next. The best parts are the Quidditch matches. They were nothing like we had imagined it. They were great fun. We all enjoyed watching this movie.
Let me put it this way When I walked into the theatre I expected to see anthor boring poitntless sci-fi or fantasy shows that they would over rate and hold conventions for. But I was dearly wrong. The only thing I didn't like about it is that people just sick up for daneil radcliffe because he plays harry potter. he cant act. other than that it was great. Good for: boring nights
This is a great movie that will be loved for years and years This movie is simply amazing! Watching it brings me so much joy because i know all the hard work and the effort they put in thi movie payed off they got so much money! The #1 movie of 2001! And probably going to be The #1 selling DVD/VIDEO of 2002! Kudos goes out to everyone who is in it and who made it! And i cant wait for Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret's!!!!!
Good... But not Great. The movie was good, with lots of the book included, however, a lot was left out. They missed two Quiddich scens, Norbert's life was horrably left out, and a few charecters were missing from the movie. However, the original movie was over four hours long, and it is being advertized as if that is being put back into the movie. With an extra two hours to put all the detail I mentioned into the movie, it should be exelent, hence, my 5 star rating.
Movie-5 STARS DVD-1 The movie was so great that I couldnt wait till the DVD came out, but it was a horrible purchase, the DVD would only play the movie once and then it wouldnt do it anymore, the deleted scenes were nothing like I expected, and it wont even read the disks anymore. WB made them [poorly]and there have been tons of complaints that I have seen on websites. I advise ppl not to by this for a few months till they start making them in better quality!
The best movie of all time This movie was definately the best movie I have ever seen. Their were somethings left out but it was still excellent. The cast was amazing and everything from the quidditch scene to the size of Hagrid was excellent. This is definately a movie worth seeing and I will definately see the second installment to it. I highly recommend seeing this movie it is awesome!
Excellent! I sure do wish #'s 3 and above ... Excellent! I sure do wish #'s 3 and above were like this!
The BEST! The Effects were great! The acting was great! Especially MAggie SMith, Alan Rickman, Richard Harri , Robbie Coltrane, Ian Hart, Richard Bremmer, Dan Radclifee, John Cleese, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Tom Felton, Sean Biggerstaff, Zoe Wannamaker, Luke Youngblood, Simon Fisher-Becker, Terence Bayler, Kevin Yi Lee, Chris Rankin, HArry Melling, Nina Young, Richard Griffiths, Warwick Davis, my only complaint is in Fiona Shaw.
Everything I expected! The film was great and obviously in awesome picture quality being Blu-Ray. I love the collector's items that come with the set. Didn't really need the digital copy... so, meh. I also really liked that even with all the extra content particular to this edition, there were still the special features that come with the standard 2-disc editions. So some old fun with new fun! All in all I was pleased. I will purchase the others!
Hogwarts: Year One!!! See how it all began. Six years before Harry and Voldemort's final battle, we find out that Harry is a young wizard and must be trained at Hogwarts. He befriends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Together, they try to stop someone from stealing the Sorcerer's Stone. I still remember being 11 years old and seeing this with my mom. This is a very fun movie to watch. I highly recommend HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE!!!
A Great Movie For All Ages Our whole family enjoys this movie. The movie did a great job of bringing the book to life. As in any movie made from a book, many details are not present. I read the book to my 5-year old daughter prior to seeing the movie, so it did help to make more sense out of everything. I would still highly recommend this movie for all ages. It may be a bit scary at times for little kids, but all in all it is a great movie.
You can pick anything apart, including this movie . . . but for a movie adaptation of the first book of the Potter series, this movie has alot going for it. The cast is wonderful--just as I pictured each and every character--especially Snape and Hagrid. My favorite is Ron. He is a perfect Weasley. I teach language arts in middle school and my students all love this movie. There is something for every interest--and it is just a great escape for an afternoon or evening.
A marvelous classic for Potter fans The first in the J.K. Rowling series entitled "Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone" is one of the best fantasy films that I've seen in a very long time. While nowhere near as captivating or as visually explosive as the Lord of the Rings movies, Harry Potter is a marvelous silver screen adaptation of Rowling's first novel. I know that I will almost certainly be butting heads against HP book-reading purists as I'm a Harry Potter newbie (as of writing this review) and I can fully understand that, but this movie is a marvelous fantasy classic. I have no regrets about buying this on video and I've watched it countless times over and will continue to do so in the coming years. The movie begins with Hogwarts Professor Dumbledore bringing a an orphaned Potter to his uncle Vernon Dursley and aunt Petunia Dursley who, along with spoiled cousin Dudley, become very unkind towards him due to their belief that witches, wizards' magic are a grave threat and they try to bury the whole topic during his childhood realizing that Potter was the child of a wizard and a witch, something that the Dursley family wanted nothing to do with. Later, a friendly half-giant Rubeus Hagrid comes crashing in and takes care of Potter's abusive relatives and takes Potter to a huge school of wizardry and witchcraft called Hogwarts by means of a secret passageway called Platform 9 3/4. I sometimes even think of why the carts don't crash into the wall instead of vanishing through. During the trip there Potter meets Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. It was around that time when the rivalry with the troublesome Draco Malfoy would begin. It was eventually around then when he'd learn of the evil wizard known as Voldemort who killed his parents but why Harry himself is so famous. And so the adventures that involve monstrous creatures, magic, witchcraft, Quidditch matches, all begin. The cast of the characters was great even though maybe not perfect. Richard Harris did such a wonderful job portraying Albus Dumbledore and with his tragic passing, he will be missed by millions of movie goers. No word on who could take Harris' place. Maggie Smith does such an incredible job playing the fearsome, strict but fair Professor McGonagall. I love that British accent and it's so funny seeing her get angry when Potter and his gang get in trouble at school. She was perfect for McGonagall's role. Alan Rickman has that unsettling deep commanding voice that perfectly matches the mysterious Severus Snape, Slytherin's Potions Teacher. Tom Felton does a solid performance playing the cold-hearted Hogwarts bully, Draco Malfoy. Although he is sinister in terms of Hogwarts students, if Malfoy was real, he would seem like a nice guy compared to some of the violent bullies in real-life schools! :( The threesome Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Rupert Grint as Ronald Weasley, and Emma Watson, were great choices to play these characters. A great amount of suspenseful music gives the movie a relatively chilling feel to it. The production is excellent in the entire movie and the special effects are astounding, even if nowhere near as mind-blowing like those from The Lord of the Rings are. I know that there's already tons of LOTR vs. HP going on all over the place and while I definitely prefer LOTR over HP, Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is a marvelous classic that should be owned by almost any movie lover.
BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! I used to HATE Harry Potter and think it was for little kids. The day the movie came out my best friend dragged me to the movies. I LOVED IT! It was the best movie I have ever seen! I saw it 4 times after that and read the books! I DEFINITLY reccomend it so people of all ages, no matter what type of movies you like. SEE IT!!! It's the best!
Magically good This dvd was superb!! Every second was magical and full of new twists and surprises. The general appearance was right on with the book. There were some minor differences from the book and the dvd and that didn't affect the ratings whatsoever. Overall I think the acting, scenes, and realisticness was above and beyond. It was such a joy to have watched this outstanding dvd. The special features were amazing.
Five Stars My 7-year old's rating. He tried to give it six stars.
Five Stars was a buirthday presrnt for my son he really likes it
very cool!!! this was a excellent movie,the special effects were awesome, the acting was great,and the cast fit there parts perfectly (i wanted to try out for hermoine!).i only wish that they cou- ld of left in the part of the potion riddle.i've read all the books at least twelve times each,so i was majorly excited when the movie came out, now i'm eagerly awaiting the next book and movie!!!
A wonderful DVD!!!! ...this is a very special DVD. The fabulous movie aside, this has to be one of the most accomplished DVD's ever....everything from the guided tour of Hogwarts, to trips to Diagon Alley, to the time it takes to finally get the Philosophers Stone (which you have to find in order to reveal the deleted scenes)....everything is done so superbly & presented impeccably..... ...Overall? Fabulous!!!
Simply Amazing! You will never watch the non extended version of the films again once you own the ultimate editions. The uncut scenes fill in so much of the story that was in the books. The picture quality on blue ray is stunning. The bonus materials are fascinating for Harry Potter fans. The books included are beautiful. Simply amazing sets! It is a cherished item in my movie and Harry Potter collections.
Great Gift. Birthday gift for my granddaughter and she loves it.
Good Purchase The product was in perfect condition and no exterior damages. Haven't tested the DVDs yet but I felt like I was opening a brand new DVD without any imperfections on it. I've been trying to replace certain DVDs in my Harry Potter collection that are not the right format or that do not have the extra features. I feel this product was a steal for it's price and I love it!
got to have it!!! This film was excellent! But what was just so great was the cover(dvd box) it came in this elaborate decorated dvd cover with many pictures and a cool way to fold it open and close. (one that we dont see anymore, because of how cheap the end product is made now a days). I was trully impressed the quality and the price!! could not have found a better price anywhere else but here!!!
very good! Why the bad reviews?? Huh?? I thought it was excellent. It followed the book closely. Ok, they were pretty good at acting. the girl who played Hermione Granger has been in a small play, that was her acting experience. Ron had hardly any acting experience. I don't know about Harry , but they're what? 11 years old? I liked it all around. You should definately buy this video.
Great movie and great series! Someone had borrowed my copy of the first Harry Potter movie and never returned it. I'm an great fan of all the movies and watch them over and over again. Had to have this one because what's the sense in having the collection if one is missing. I'm sure all you Harry potter fans know what I'm talking about!
Harry Potter The DVD version of Harry Potter was exactly what I expected it to be. It was something that required concentration and a knowledge of what was happening in the untones of the movie to understand. It truly followed the book. The added scenes were fantastic and the photography was outstanding. The second DVD.....I am having trouble getting through the mazes, but that is life.
Great DVD! Everything that was stated about this DVD by the seller was correct. I got what I expected adn what I wanted. The DVD is in great condition and so is the outside case. If I have the opportunity, I would definately buy from this seller again. The shipping was very fast. A***** I recommend this seller by ANYONE who wants great products in quick time. Thank you very much seller.
Great New World This movie was a lot of fun to watch for the first time in theaters and has been fun every time I have watched it since. The introduction of the wizarding world in conjunction with the "normal" world was well done. The characters, their interaction and development, and the great world of majic we've all dreamed of as kids has been brilliantly brought to life in this movie.
A wonderful series This movie was superb, but obviously not as good as the book. The best thing about this movie is that it cannot even begin to show its excellent standard without the other movies, just like Sorceror's Stone sets the basis and tone of all the other books. As the other movies are created we will see the simple beauty of the story as it naturaly evolves. I cannot wait!
Very good, but read the book first This movie was really good. It is different than the book. Personally I like the book better, but the movie was almost as good. The only thing I am going to say about the movie is that it has a really strange ending. I would recommend it to anyone who likes fanacy books and movies
Great Great Great Movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... Now, the movie was great and it was very close to the book. Of course in a movie version you have combine some scenes and delete others or ever movie made from a book would be about 8hours long. If you are a big Harry Potter fan as I am, the book brings to life the characters from the book VERY WELL. Get this DVD, it's a must for your collection
Sorcerer's Stone is a classic HP and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first and best! We learn about the boy, Harry, and his history living amongst muggles. The magic in this movie is all the wonderful cgi effects, and I prefer this actor's Dumbledore to his replacement (yes, I know the original actor passed away). THE HD DVD video has amazing clarity. I can watch this movie again and again!
Good Movie... I am a huge Harry Potter fan!! Being 21 years old, I never thought I would write those words! I really love these books and the movie is great too. My only advice is...I loved the books so much that the movie wasn't all that I wanted it to be (altough it is still wonderful). Surely a movie that you should watch. Try the books too! YOU WILL LOVE THEM!
Extra Footage Great film overall. Yes, the extra footage is on the disk, but you have to walk through a series of tests based on the movie to get to it. It took us forever (and I didn't think the footage was all that special). But just to set the record straight, it is there. I think we ended up walking through all the chapters on the extras disk to find the footage.
Unique I never read the Harry Potter series, so I didn't know what to expect when I began watching the movie. It was great and a highly imaginative story. The graphics were great and I definately enjoyed navigating through the DVD's special features! I would definately recommend this movie for children and for adults as well. Definately not a disappointing movie.
Movie is 5 stars, extra disc...no... Of course the movie itself is great on DVD. The extra disc is no big deal. It is difficult to navigate the "special" features and very frustrating that there is not more there. I missed full bios on the cast, as I have been enjoying that on other DVDs. But, this DVD set is worth the price any day!! Harry Potter is alive again in my living room!
Excellent fantasy movie I thought the movie was quite good, though it brought to mind Star Wars, The dark side, and James and the Giant Peach, the evil "parents." I think Rowling could have been more original. However, it made me feel like I wanted to be a wizard, much like Star Wars made me want to be a Jedi. The story captivating, the effects excellent. Worth purchasing.
Style over Substance? I enjoyed the film a lot and I expected a lot from the DVD (also considering the fact that WB boasts that the DVD will be unlike any other), but, I have to say, I was a bit disappointed with it. The film was fine, except, of course, the lack of audio commentary by the Director/Producer or the actors themselves. It was the second disc that bugged me a lot. I was lead to believe that there are tons of behind-the-scene flicks and production notes on the bonus disc but, to my horror, there weren't many. Oh, sure, there are the deleted scenes (which they didn't even incorporate to the film, unlike what Star Wars the Phantom Menace did) and an interview with the Director, Producer and Script Writer, but aside from those, the extras were really lame. You have to "play" your way around the disc in order for you to view the deleted scenes which is an original concept, but, quite frustrating after several turns. There are your screensaver, game demos, remembrall, potion-challenge and your virtual tour of Hogwarts (which was quite good but still lacking). Anyway, I was hoping to get a glimpse of the usual stuff--production notes, behind-the-scenes, interview with the actor, audition clips, costume design, creature design, the CG of Harry Potter, outtakes, etc. Stuff that really mattered. I wanted to get a glimpse of what it was to be on the set of Harry Potter, the opinion of the actors, anything about the MOVIE ITSELF. But what I got is a compilation of flash-type games that are not only annoying, but quite a nuance as well. One word summary: gimmicky. Sorry Harry. The only reason I gave it three stars is that I'm a big HP fan. If not for that, I'd probably give it a 2 or a 1.
Harry's First Year Who wouldn't want to revel in the wonderment of an 11-year old boy whisked from his dreary existance to discover his potential among magical creatures and equally mysterious people. The viewer has already seen the movie it is assumed. The extra's are nice but accessing them is a little difficult. The DVD keeps the wonderful score up to quality.
obviously didn't have the whole book but still awsome they could not put everything or it would be way to long. they left out peeves.but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't see the movie or get the dvd.it was a great movie and i felt like seeing it again.i recommend it to anyone who likes a action-packed,sligtly scary,funny movie.
Harry Potter - Good against Evil As in all good against evil movies, our heros win against evil in the world of scorcerers and witches. Wow! What a game! Quidditch, what an imagination the author had. So fast paced and interesting. Loved Haggard. Great movie! It kept the adults in this family interested. I say thumbs up and can't wait for the next on to come out. ...
I give up...Where are the "7 Deleted Scenes?" Granted we just returned from vacation and I only spent 45 minutes or so navigating the two discs, but I'm not seeing the kinds of "extras" I'm used to or that were advertised. What gives?! The movie is great fun for all ages! No home with children (or fun-loving adults) should be without it! Looking forward to the next one!!
Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone When I heard that Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone movie was coming out I got so excited. After the movie I told my mom "We're buying it!" It was so good. I can't believe all the special effects and such...it's amazing...they did an awesome job on it. I can't wait for the next one...Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets!
Not as expected I have waited for ths for a long time. I thought that the DVD would be much more advanced in flavor than expected. They made such a big deal and it didn't even have a special look at the second movie. I paid extra money just to get it on the "Special" DVD.
... was made is obviously not the optimum way to enjoy this movie Watching this on a lap-top 15 years after it was made is obviously not the optimum way to enjoy this movie. I loved the books and this movie covers an impressive amount of ground in ways that were creative, beautiful, and cutting edge for its time. A faithful addition to the Harry Potter universe that offers a fun dose of nostalgia.
Wonderful film... questionable extras.... Since I figure that everyone has already seen Harry Potter and formed their own opinions, I'm writing this review primarily on the DVD and the much touted extras. The movie itself is wonderful - but the DVD set leaves a little to be desired. The first DVD in the set is great. They did a first rate job on the transfer and the sound. The second DVD with all the extras though is lacking a certain something. The extras disc has just enough to make you want more but doesn't have some of the very things that we all heard about during all the publicity about the film. I remember hearing over and over that the first cut of the film came in at over 3 1/2 hours. Then on the disc there are only a few deleted scenes totally under 10 minutes. They had the obligatory making of but that too seemed more than a bit short. Another frustrating thing was navigating the extras - it was close to impossible. It took me over ten minutes to work through the little game system to even access the deleted scenes(though I later discovered there was a very small place to click for direct access). This just wasn't fun. I don't enjoy being made to jump through hoops to watch a film and see the various extras packaged in. Maybe they should release one version for adults who don't like the games and another for children who enjoy things like that. Overall I love the film but I have this feeling that they are holding back to release another set sometime. It would be nice to just be able to purchase the film without having to wonder about another release coming out in a year.
Simplemente Excelente!! Excelente presentacin, excelente calidad. Par de DVD9 con la mejor calidad de video y sonido que un DVD puede ofrecer. Desventajas? Que el DVD 2 no est subtitulado. Pero la pelcula est, tanto doblada como subtitulada al espaol. Y el lujoso empaque.. Digno de Colleccin.. Yo lo recomiendo en un 100%. Saludos a todos!
For Potter fans! If you're a big Harry Potter fan, you'll need this for your collection. The movie comes with character cards, a book with inside info on the movie and lots of behind the scenes stuff. I'll probably give away my earlier addtions. I've already ordered the Sorcer's Stone and can't wait to see what is in the ulitmate edition!!
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone I loved the movie. I was very disappointed with the build up before the release of the movie in the theaters. They said it was very true to the book. I found a lot of stuff deleted and new things added. I still found the movie to be very enjoyable. I'm glad i bought it. The movies is very different from the book.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This magical movie brings the audience on a trip into Harry's magical world! It will amaze you what with all of the quiditch matches and Voldemort lurking around. Will Harry find out who is trying to steal the stone? Will he find out what the stone is? Find out in this terrific display of J.K. Rowling's wild imagination!
great movie this was an excellant movie. the 1st time we watched it there was 2 adults and two 7 year olds. we all loved the movie. but the two 7 year olds being rambunctious and antsy refused to sit still thru the movie. but this happens with all movies , and they did say they enjoyed it , along with appearing to enjoy it.
Fantastic It's a great start to a wonderful series.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone I think the dvd was amazing. i loved the special features and the actual dvd was wonderful. it capured the magical spirit better than the theater did. i loved the surprises and adventures. i can't wait for the second movie to come out on dvd. i saw it in theaters and it was even better than the first one.
Sounds okay The movie was a good movie. I am listening to the book on tape and have relazed more mistakes for example when they take harry potter to oliver wood. In the book he was in flickricks room nots defence against the dark arts. So they're are tiny mistakes and major mistakes. But over all it was a good movie.
A must have for fans! Extremely happy with this collector's set. Quality of video and audio is worth the extra money. Love the little extras it comes with...the collector cards, mini photo book...etc. Plus the extended version includes the removed scenes and you have the option to watch either version. Well worth the money!
Best movie ever. A classic to be watched again and again.
If I could, I'd give it a 3.5 I would. I do NOT think that the movie lived up to its true potential at all. I haven't actually revieved my DVD yet, but from what I saw of the movie, many scenes were left out. Also, the thing where they show Harry under the invisibility cloak was just plain stupid. it could have seriously been better.
I was a little disappointed that I couldn't tell this was extended at all I purchased the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone extended version and while I've watched the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone about a dozen times, I was a little disappointed that I couldn't tell this was extended at all. But I still love the movie! Definitely one of my all time favorites!
I love this HD DVD Movie, it's Great. HD DVD is really the BEST. The picture quality & audio quality is amazing on this HD DVD release of Harry Potter. I have them all, and I am very happy with them. Much better than the SD DVD version by far. The movie itself is great, just like when I seen it in the Theatres. A must own for anybody.
Sub-par sound Supposedly, this movie streams with 5.1 audio. All I received was Amazon's usual stereo sound - but even worse, the speakers would screech and crackle during certain parts of the movie. My speakers and amp are just fine - I'd watched two blu-rays earlier in the weekend at much, much louder levels.
Great movie! Enjoyed it over and over. Great movie! Enjoyed it over and over.
Replacing VHS I bought this for my Fianc for Christmas to replace her old VHS copy. She was really happy and excited to finally have it on DVD. It was shipped quickly and it was cheap. I signed up for the thing that gives you free shipping if you get stuff through amazon and so shipping was totally free!!
Better than I expected This Harry Potter movie is excellent. Actually, it was better than I expected. Yes, the movie has cut many, many, small things from the book. But, this is inevitable. If everything from the book went into the movie, you would have a five or six hour movie. I recommend this movie.
My wife can't get enough of these movies. We usually end up watching all 8 Harry Potter movies twice a year....when we finish the last one, my wife to start all over again....anytime they are on HBO, STARZ or SHOWTIME she watches them....with the exception of the old Jimmy Stewart movie Harvey these are her favorite movies of all time.
"Harry Potter" Entertaining If Nothing Else Believe me, as an anti-Potter fan I went into "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" completely ready to hate it (in fact, I was even looking foward to leaving the theater and bashing it as much as possible). But I cannot do it. While it is certainly, certainly, CERTAINLY no masterpiece of cinema by any means, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" does manage to be entertaining and fun, holding a viewer's attention for its complete two-and-a-half hour run. I credit the entertaining success of "Harry Potter..." to the fact that its script is very detailed, engrossing, and polished; not to mention that it gives all the fans of the books what they want by being as loyal as possible to the original text. The film's entertainment also stems from the fact that the cast is a cavalcade of British actors ranging from newcomers (Daniel Radcliffe manages to give a strong performance as the title role) to seasoned actors (such as Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, and Maggie Smith, who are always joys to watch and are certainly no exception here). The ensemble cast all gives performances that are very well thought out and, more importantly, it looks like everyone in the cast is having spectacular fun bringing the story and characters to life. Yet "Harry Potter..." does have its weaknesses, and all these weaknesses are mainly the result of what is obviously a rushed product. It is very apparant in the special effects and some of the blocking and editing, that the film was rushed and not made to the best quality it could have been, in order to get it released during the holiday season. Because of all this, some of the scenery, costumes, and even characters look, sound, and feel phony and unbelievable: And in a movie where the enviroment and the characters that inhabit that enviroment are such an integral part of its charm, that can be a BIG problem. Nevertheless, "Harry Potter" does entertain, and I cannot give it the bashing I would have hoped. If you're looking for something to fill a couple hours time or to perhaps show at a party or something of the sort, you might as well give "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" a try.
A near exact film adaption of an O.K. book Any comparisions to "Chronicles of Narnia" or "Wizard of Oz" are simply erronious and insulting, .... These series are well written and read classics. The word 'classic' does not come to mind when viewing or reading "Harry Potter". It's an alright book, but not phenomena like "C.O.N" or "W.O.O.". Someone pointed out that this drivel will be read again and again, and that makes it classic. Go to it, but good writing will always be the preference of those with taste. Certainly, "C.O.N." Chronicles' is moralistic, but more, it's well written, and will be read over and over again (entering a 3rd time, as many will attest). So too, will 'The Earthsea Trilogy' by LeGuin, and L.O.R. be read over and over again. However, this should not be a test of a 'Classic' novel; for most people (accurately) consider "Moby Dick" and "War And Peace" classics, but few will ever read them more than once. Who cares if the miraculous happens over and over? I don't see how it is missing in C.O.N., but then, talking animals and a interdimensional portals to lands full of mythic and magical creatures happens every day in my house. The miraculous occurs often in a lot of namable dime-store novels and children's books that are long since forgotten by most, (the 'Mushroom Planet' series comes immediately to mind). People read 'Nancy Drew' over and over again, good stories, but not classics. This goes beyond the point of the DVD, but people in search of good fantasy fiction should not be lead to believe this is on the level of these other stories. So, this review addresses the story, which is in both the book and film. Essentially, in this installment, Harry Potter discovers after growing up a group of "muggles" (non-magical people, usually displayed as boring and bigoted people by boring and bigoted witches and wizards, the "moralization" being here that magical people are better somehow, or at least think they are) that he is accepted to a Wizard's School, (a topic given far better treatment in Ursula K. LeGuin's "Earthsea Trilogy"), and begins his fabulous journey. He arrives at wizard school, and becomes something of a celebrity who quickly rises to the top. He discovers a transparent conspiracy (one that any of the adult magicians should have been able to see) and sets off to solve the mystery. This movie, like the book that's based on, is fairly boring and superfluous. The tasks Harry has to go through to defeat the villian are not very difficult, and thus not very interesting. It is ludicrous that this series of books and movies are controversial, where it doesn't have anything of true value concerning magic, wizards or witches. Nor does it have interesting lessons, analogies or allusions. The special effects are fairly clunky CGI work, (watch the centaur scene for jilting movements). The sets and the look of the film are both fantastic, and the 'quiditch' scene is fun to watch, though you never get the sense that Potter is ever in any real danger. The extras on the DVD are silly, and don't warrant a second disc. Though extra scenes are always nice to see. Though a children's film, there is nothing here to make a comparison to any of the classic stories realistic. It compares better with Nancy Drew or Encyclopedia Brown than some of those that have been loosely thrown about (perchance by people that have not read the series they insult by comparing it to Harry Potter). I actually enjoyed reading Harry Potter's first book though I'm not a child, but there was really nothing warranting the high praise it has gotten aside from good marketing. It just reminds me that there are better children's stories out there, such as the now defunct "Mushroom Planet" series. This movie is an enjoyable watch, but don't expect "Lord of the Rings" quality of storytelling.
Harry Goes To Hogwarts! You have to have a heart of stone - or be a Dursley - to NOT like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I say this not from the perspective of a child, nor the parent of a child, nor even a voracious reader of the J.K. Rowling novels about the boy with glasses and that lightning-shaped star. Indeed, I only have the first of the five books and that, dear readers, only because my former neighbor and computer troubleshooter gave it to me before he moved to South Carolina. My taste in movies rarely goes into the realm of "family fare," even though some of my favorite films (E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind, the Star Wars series, among others) are geared for young and old alike. I must also admit that I only started reading Harry Potter when I had just about gone through most of my Tom Clancy novels, Star Wars tomes, and history books. I was not sure if I would like it as much as I do, say, Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that Ms. Rowling's tale is appealing not only to the young but to the young-at-heart. The 2001 film version, adapted by Steve Kloves and directed by Chris (Gremlins) Columbus, is an above-average family film. While warm and whimsical in places, Rowling's tale is not exactly all syrupy and bright, either. For the story of Harry Potter, wizard in training, is also a story which deals with fate, losses, fear, courage, friendship, and the struggle between the forces of light and darkness. Sorcerer's Stone follows the plot of its source novel faithfully (some have said "too faithfully"): an orphaned Harry Potter is left to be cared by his maternal aunt Petunia and her husband Vernon, the terrible Dursleys, after his parents' tragic demise at the hands of Lord Voldemort, a dark and deadly wizard. For most of his 12 years, Harry lives in a cupboard under the stairs. When strange things start happening on his cousin Dudley's birthday outing and owls start flooding the house on Privet Drive with letters from Hogwart's School of Wizardry, the Dursleys try to hide Harry in a remote shack out in the boonies. But Harry's destiny is not to be denied, and he is whisked away by Hogwart's trusted groundskeeper Hagrid. Kloves and Columbus recreate Rowling's novel almost perfectly, catching all the nuances and details just right. Though this makes for a running time of 152 minutes, Sorcerer's Stone never drags or brings on snores...at least not for older kids and young-hearted adults. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grant and Emma Watson are excellent in their roles as Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger; their camaraderie and pluck is convincing, and the supporting cast, which includes John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, and the late Richard Harris as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, is an exciting and talented ensemble. Adding his usual musical magic to Harry's adventures is none other than composer/conductor John Williams, whose soaring themes and gentle underscores give extra excitement to the Quidditch match and dark menace to those dark passages within the walls of Hogwarts. The Special Widescreen Edition DVD consists of one disc that contains the film itself (with English and Spanish audio tracks, plus subtitles in both languages) and a few extra features, plus a second disc with DVD-ROM features, games, puzzles, interviews, and links to the Web. The sound and picture are excellent, and the movie itself seems destined to be a family classic along the lines of The Wizard of Oz and the great films of Walt Disney.
Fantastically Faithful, but it IS only introductory... THIS REVIEW WILL ONLY BE BASED ON THE MOVIE, AND ITS RELATION TO THE NOVEL. So this is the beginning, isn't it? JK Rowling's incredible world of magic, that started in 1998 in America started on the movie screen in 2001. So how good was this movie? It was definitely very good. Quite roughly it's about a boy who nearly died by the most dangerous dark wizard to ever step foot in the world, and ends up living with a muggle family related to his mother who treat him like an outcast and a bad seed, feeling disgraced and embarrassed that any family member could be magical. But Harry receives a letter to go to one of the best magic schools, called Hogwarts, and he begins to learn about his unavoidable wizard heritage. You have to start with the acting, because starting with this film for the series, there has been a healthy mix of young new talent, and veteran talent throughout, and this film is no different. The whole cast is virtually British with a few Irish exceptions. You have Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Richard Harris as McGonagall, Snape, and Dumbledore respectively anchoring the wonderful young talents of Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter), Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley), Emma Watson (Hermione Granger), and Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy). The acting is simply great in my opinion, considering they were enlisting child talent throughout the country. The important part of a film adaptation of a novel is bringing forward the spirit the novel creates. The nice thing is that Sorcerer's Stone is the shortest of all the Harry Potters, so it makes it relatively easy to stay faithful with a 2 hour 20 minute film. Chris Columbus and his people did a great job of this. Nearly all of the important pieces are there for the adaptation to make sense, and for all the pieces to fit together as well as they did in the novel. Now, Harry Potter is obviously geared to young adults, so why should someone in their 20s or 30s get into Harry Potter? First off, the film IS visually stimulating. The special effects aren't overdone, nor is it the focus, but it's done perfectly to give what it has to give to the film. Also, the children playing the roles really bring out what these characters are all about in the novel, as do the adult cast. Their personalities are effectively evoked through their incredible performances, and although the concept of magic spells and high fantasy are more indicative of your stereotypical middle school nerd, it has a lot to offer about adolescence and self-doubt, even at the tender age of 11. Perhaps JK Rowling didn't envision her saga would reach the adult demographic, but it did, and that's kind of what makes these stories amazing. So what was great about this film for it to deserve 4 out of 5 stars? The acting was phenomenal, but the important thing when a series such as Harry Potter has so much popular culture buzz is to stay faithful so the bookworms can respect it, but so newbies can get into it and follow the films much like people would follow the novels, and Sorcerer's Stone definitely achieves this effectively. The special effects were great when they were necessary, and the character introductions were well-played. Enough things were changed around, such as the order of things, and certain settings, but the important parts were there, and the actions that occurred were evoked, even though something may have taken place on Hogwarts footsteps, as opposed to the Hogwarts train as it was in the novel (Harry's first confrontation with Malfoy, for example). What was negative for the film to not deserve five stars? Well, it was what it was. Most introductory novels to a fantasy series has to spend a significant amount of time introducing the characters and future plotlines, and Sorcerer's Stone is really no different. The film isn't all that exciting, and there really isn't a ton of action. I found the ending a little bit anti-climactic, although the twist was rather nice, but it really wasn't a battle. Given what would go forward with the series, but if one was grading this movie in and of itself, it is a bit of an anti-climactic end. There was also one omittance that was a bit irritating whichy was the end sequence (SPOILER ALERT) when Harry, Ron, and Hermione enter the chamber to retrieve the Sorcerer's Stone before Professor Snape does (or so they believed anyway). You had the Devil's Snare, the Flying Keys, and the Chess Match. The film omitted the logic puzzle that Hermione figures out which is why in the novel she gets Gryffendor bonus points. In the film she gets them through figuring out the Devil's Snare. I wasn't really sure why this was omitted, probably for action continuity, but, I would have liked to have seen Hermione be her brainiac self for that portion. All-in-all, for introductory purposes, and its ability to ensnare filmgoers into coming to the movie theater to see the next segment, it succeeds admirably. There really is nothing wrong with the film at all, but the four out of five stars comes down to taste, and as most of us know, soon the series begins to take a darker tone, which is when it really finds its stride. But JK Rowling really does create a great world with this story, and the film more or less does a very good job in being able to evoke her incredible vision.
Faithful, well-made film version of the bestseller The staggering success of J.K. Rowlings' Harry Potter novels put enormous pressures on the producers of the movie version of the first book in a the series, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". This was the most eagerly anticipated movie based on a book since "Gone With the Wind" sixty-two years ago. I am happy to report that the movie turns out to be quite good. If it has a problem, it is that it is too slavishly faithful to the book. This prevents the movie from soaring to the great heights a visual medium can reach on its own terms and makes it run a bit too long. Two and one-half hours is a long time for most kids to sit still; however, there are enough sights and thrills here for most of them to tolerate its length happily. For those of you who don't know, Harry Potter [Daniel Radcliffe] is an orphan who lives in the cupboard under the stairs of his uncaring relatives' suburban home. One day he and his guardians are inundated by letters [delivered by owls!] which say that Harry has been accepted into Hogwarts School. This is how Harry finds out that he's a wizard. After much magical persuasion, Harry gets to go to Hogwarts. There, he meets wizards and witches, sorcerers and trolls, and other fantastic creatures. For the first time ever, Harry feels like he's at home. There are a lot of happy, magical moments at the school, but there are also dangerous ones. Among them are a dark wood that students are never to enter, an evil professor, some not-so-nice fellow students, and a demon that wants Harry dead. Harry and his new best friends, Ronald and Hemione [Rupert Grint and Emma Watson], are in for many fantastic adventures. The excellent cast includes some of Britain's best actors, including the legendary Maggie Smith as Minerva and Richard Harris as Demeledore. Robbie Coltrane is remarkable as Hadrid, the loveable giant who is always doing and saying the wrong things, and so is Alan Rickman as the nasty Professor Snape. Radcliffe, Grint and Watson are gifted young actors and play their characters without the annoying cuteness that is found in many kids' movies. Some of the special effects are amazing, especially the flying Quiddich game sequences and one involving an encounter with a giant chess set that comes to life. Many of the effects don't look lifelike, but, considering the movie's big budget, this may have been done on purpose, in order to give the movie a fantasy, dream-like look. Some of the movie may be too intense for very young children. This has always been a problem with movies, though. When I was five or six, I was totally traumatized by the wicked queen and her poisoned apple in Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves". I don't like apples to this day. But, then, I was pretty high on the wimp scale.
Three Stars for Adults, Four for Kids (Five for the Book, for Anyone) Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful book and the beginning to a truly magical series by J.K. Rowling. Any person of any age is highly encouraged to give these books a read--the only danger is that you'll likely get hooked on them. Of course, this review is about the movie, not about the book... and the movie is... decent. It is a fairly faithful adaptation, but doesn't quite capture the charm or depth of the novel. It feels as though two mistakes were made: 1) They tried to put everything in; 2) They tried to make it a kid's movie. The first mistake was in trying to put everything that occurs in the book in the movie. In the first place, it was an impossible task--you can't fit a book that size completely into a movie, and you shouldn't try anyways because books and movies are different media with different strengths and weaknesses. In the second place, it makes the movie feel incredibly rushed. In the book, we eventually come to know and love a great many of these characters, such as Harry, Ron and Hermione. In the movie (unless you've already read the book), you'll know them a little bit, but you never get to spend the time with them necessary to really bond, because we need to save space for the next sequence of events. Things happen with little context, rhyme or reason, but just because "it happened that way in the book." It would have been better to cut out some of the events, and spent a little more time developing characters. The second mistake was in trying to make this a children's film. Now, I know what you're saying: "But *isn't* Harry Potter a children's book?" And yes, it is. And no, it isn't. Harry Potter is a book that can appeal to any age. It does not read like "kid's lit"--the writing is intelligent and clever, and the plotlines fairly adult and complicated. Children were going to love this movie no matter how it was directed; it should have been done more seriously, because it would have been more true to the tone of the novel and more rewarding for adult fans. On the other side, this movie is still enjoyable, and all signs seem to suggest that the series of films is going to get better over time. The casting is absolutely brilliant--the kids are all spot on, and nothing brings more delight than Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. Being a lover of the books, I say that this film is a decent interpretation but no substitute for reading the novels. Adults especially who haven't read them, and watch this movie instead, are apt to scratch their heads in wonder a little bit at the popularity of Harry Potter.
The first DVD flop? The first Harry Potter film sold over 1.5 million videos and DVDs in its first day of release in the UK, breaking the previous impressive record held by Titanic. Now of course all these people, and their families, would have seen the film in the cinema and have enjoyed Christopher Columbus's excellent adaptation of one of the most succesfful books of the last century. They would have been gripped to the screen, just like myself, as we saw JK Rowling's incredible imagination come to life. The film is, in my humble opinion, a revelation. An example of how the medium of film can awe an audience, transport them to another world and entertain them for a few hours. It is escapism in the truest form. There's only one problem. The DVD [is bad]. The film has now surpassed The Phantom Menace as the second most successful film of all time. Warner have therefore spent an awful lot of money on this DVD production (and it shows). They clearly want to give us fans something to sink our teeth into, a DVD like no other, and one that would simply put to shame the conventional DVDs we have now grown accustomed to. But as they dived into complicated navigations and interactive menus they forgot about the elementary yet effective delights of Making Of Documentaries and commentaries. I cannot find a valid excuse why Warner would want to deprive us of a filmmakers commentary. The sets, effects, casting, direction, music, sound etc are of the highest quality and no doubt the people who contributed to this film would have been proud to share with us how the production was made. Commentaries are the most popular & SIGNIFICANT features on DVDs, and probably one of the cheaper features to make, so not even seeing ONE present on this 2 Disc "Special Edition" package is a disappointment to say the least. The interviews with the director and producer are very good but are too brief. Why have the people who made this DVD been so slack with the basics? There must be hundreds of hours worth of Making Of footage lying around in the Warner vaults. An inch of it barely makes it onto these discs. Of course there is the much talked about guided tour of Hogwarts, and this is where the DVD gets really messy. You get to direct yourself around certain sets. Using the arrows on your DVD's remote you can go left, right and forward at certain moments, and you can select objects on the screen to activate a voiceover which gives us a description. For instance, if you click on Hagrid's large cloak whilst in his hut the voiceover says what it contains and so on. I have to say that the idea is excellent. The intentions were in the right place but the tour becomes boring. It is not like a video game either where you can go wherever you want. You navigate yourself according to arrows, which restrict you to a certain area, and once you have completed the tour I guarantee you that it will not be half as interesting the second time round. It is quite laborious. And this is why I am calling this the first DVD flop. Sure, it will make millions, but only because of the film itself. The features are simply pointless. An experiment that went wrong. And to compund how poorly the navigation is I have yet to even see the deleted scenes. I can't find them. There isn't a simply button that says "Deleted scenes - click here" but different rooms and tests that I mast trawl through to access them. This said I would still recommend you buy it. Why? Because the film has never looked or sounded this good. The picture quality is perfect, and as the film is such a visual feast the picture transfer is actually important. The plus $120 million spent on the film is justified when you see Hogwarts for the first time. It is a glorious sight and I will be the first to say far better than what I imagined it to be. Now when I read the Potter books I often substitute the film's interpretations for my own because they are more vivid. Then you have the glorious digital 5.1 soundtrack. The atmosphere created makes your hairs stand on end, and when the Quidditch game takes place you hear sounds whizzing by your ears. Great stuff! I was expecting a DVD similar to The Phantom Menace. Instead it is second rate, trying to pass itself off as a CD-ROM. Thinking about it why didn't they just do that! The kids will like it, but will grow bored very quickly. Over $20 million was spent on the production of this DVD, making it one of, if not the most expensive DVD ever made. It is a disappointment. That my friends is what I call a flop. The irony, considering what the film went on to do at the box office. Now lets hope Warner will consider making a more conventional, but EFFECTIVE and INFORMATIVE DVD in the near future, maybe in time for Christmas. Well what do you know, maybe Warner wanted it to be like this all along!
[4.5] Come and see where it all began I've never read the Harry Potter books, nor ever had an urge too upon their popular release. I gave the films a try and I must say that this is far better than I expected. I can now see why the series is so popular. I still haven't read the books only becuase I don't want it to ruin the movies that I love so much, casue there is bound to be continuity issues, common with most novel to film releases. Though the Sorcerer's Stone is a great film, it is very mild for where the series is headed. Each Potter adventure grows darker and more dangerous, but the first film is rather easy going overall. Indeed, this is a fun film that people of all ages will enjoy, and is great for the kids. After seeing the latest Potter film - Order of the Phoenix - it is quite a surprise to come back to see where it all began. Naturally, the young actors look so much younger, and its fun to see where they had come from, both in terms of age as actors and their characters - specifically referring to Harry, Ron, and Hermoine. As with most series, the first is an introduction. Since the Potter films were already pre-written into glorious novels, each book carried its own story. So yes, this is an introduction to the Potter series, but at the same time it is a story about the Sorcerer's Stone, just like the next film is a tale about the Chamber of Secrets and the next etc. Though entertaining and enjoyable, I did not find the Sorcerer's Stone to be the most intriguing story thus far in the series, in fact, its more likely the least favorite of mine, but that's ok. Its still good, but the stories get better in each new film. Sorcerer's Stone is very well made, complete with great sets, amazing costumes, lovebale and admirable characters, and plenty of good ol magic and flying brooms to go around. If you are at all familiar with the game of Quidditch, it is not only introduced here, but a game is focused on more than any of the films thus far - complete with intense scenes of action and sport. If you are still one of the few who have not seen Harry Potter, go ahead and give it a try - chances are you are bound to find something that holds you're interest. It is a great tale of suspense and adventure with a variety of great characters. If you've seen all the films, I will remind you how much fun it is to go back and start all over again just to see how far we've come. Acting - 4.5 Action - 3.5 Characters - 5 Story - 4 Overall - 4.5
Somewhat less than magical, especially on DVD The casting of this film is perfect. There is not a single character who does not look exactly as he or she ought, particularly Rupert Grint as the quintessential Ron Weasley. (Now, in the second movie, as much as I love Ken Branagh, I'd adore Hugh Grant as Gilderoy Lockhart ... but I digress.) Chris Columbus and company maintain overall a refreshingly reverent faithfulness to the book, which is, of course, a classic. So why did the film version leave me slightly flat? I've decided it's not the fault of anyone involved in the production but the inevitable result of condensing an entire school year into a 3-hour film. So much of what makes the book irresistible is in the details, details which must, sadly, be excised in the conversion to a film that you can watch without a lunch break. Hermione's application of "petrificus totalis" to Neville is far less poignant without the backstory of his struggles thus far in the school year. A Quidditch match without Lee Jordan's biased color commentary just isn't the same. And, oh, how I miss Fred and George Weasley's jokes! So I applaud the efforts of Columbus and crew, who have, I believe, delivered just about the best product possible. But let no one make the mistake of seeing the movie while omitting the read the book. In regard to the DVD version, I found the extras on the second disc disappointing, apart from a truly enjoyable interview with Columbus et al. on the making of the movie. But no outtakes? No deleted scenes? No early peek at the making of the sequel, already well underway by the time this DVD was issued? Color this fan disgruntled. The movie itself deserves 4 stars, but the DVD presentation downgrades my rating to 3.
Can't decide what movie to buy? If you want a fantastic movie to watch, buy Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. It's full of magical wizards and witches. If you want to jump out of your seats and can't wait what's going to happen next, then buy this movie. You'll never want to stop watching it. -Lizzy Geraci
One Word: Magical This movie was definately one of the best movies that i have seen. I am a huge fan of the books...and i think that this movie faithfully followed the book and the cast was excellent! I also suggest for everyone to go see the second movie which is in theatres now because it is spectacular.
Great Movie and Kid Friendly, too As one of millions of adult Harry Potter Fans, I was a little skeptical of how well the movie would follow the book. I was glad that it was pretty true to it. We watched it all weekend long with both of my kids (ages 6 years and 3 years). Both boys enjoyed it and didn't get scared.
I would give it a billion stars!!! I had been anticipating the arrival of the Harry Potter movie and all I can say is WOW!!!!!! Those six exclamation points say it all. I loved this movie. In fact, after you read this go to the store and buy it if you don't have it yet. I am telling you. This was an absolute masterpiece.
Love it, but WHERE'S THE PIP SOUND?? We love the Harry Potter movies, and this ultimate package is wonderful, but why can we not get sound on the "in-movie experience"? We get the picture in the corner, but we can't get the sound; we can get BD-live and everything else; any suggestions - we want that "in-movie experience".
Superb movie, Vile extras. I absolutely adore both the book and movie versions of this story, and Disc 1 of this boxed-set is 100% as good as it should be: it's an absolutely lavish transfer of the film, with rich vivid color, crisp picture, and excellent sound. Indeed, I think I had a better viewing experience with the DVD than in the really rather nice theater I saw the film in. That said, Disc 2 was a MAJOR disappointment. Much of the content is just rehashed material from the film itself, and the interface is supremely irritating. Indeed, while first looking at it with two friends who are also great fans of the books and film, mere minutes of being assaulted by this lousy interface had everyone complaining loudly. There is no actual menu, and no direct way to access any of the supplementary material. To get to anything, you have to navigate through a series of screens relating to the story, and since nothing is labeled as to what it actually contains, you have to poke around endlessly to find anything interesting. Also, there isn't a lot of interesting supplementary content for an adult audience. Most of it is geared toward children. While this is a children's story, it actually has more adult fans, and the content should have much better accounted for all ages. Finally, the packaging of the set is horrible, flimsy cardboard. I would expect the outer box to last two seconds flat in the hands of children... and I don't expect it to last a terribly long time in the hands of adults. In conclusion, this is a superb movie superbly transferred to DVD, packaged in a really lousy boxed set that I think you'll be very disappointed with if you want anything at all more than the movie itself.
creative and entertaining Having seen the movie in the theater, I was expecting the DVD to be the same experience. Surprise, seeing the movie for the second, third, and fourth time, only brought out the special effects even more. An entertaining, and clever movie that is fun to watch with the whole family.
If you're a fan... There shouldn't be any reason that you DON'T have this DVD, if you're a fan. There's no excuse. If you're not, I would say its because you haven't read the books. The movie was a bit of a imaginative letdown, but that has nothing to do with the quality of the product. Its great.
I know it's for the kids, but we've enjoyed the series too! We have all of the Harry Potter DVD's. They are well done and the layout on disc is great. You get extras on the DVD's too. We have all five so far. They always say the movie is never as good as the book... These movies come pretty close! Great stories and awsome special effects!
Harry Potter - Always The Best Harry Potter is, as we will all know if viewing this, quite the phenomenon, and the film did absolutely nothing to downplay it. Not that it should have! It was a positively brilliant adaptation to the book [Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone/Philosopher's Stone], and as one person said, it went quickly enough not to bore those of us who have read the book. [For me that would be around 17 times]. The Quidditch match was...well...the most BRILLIANT bit of screenplay I have seen, EVER, I couldn't BELIEVE how cool that was! :] The Giant Chess Game was spectacular as well! Everything really was, in essence, positively marvellous, and those that DIDN'T enjoy it probably haven't read the books or don't really have a hankering for Harry Potter like us hopeless HP Fans do. :] I cannot WAIT until the release of the DVD/Video, I saw the film seven times in the cinema and look forward with great gusto to the release of the film. Especially the extra added features!! The kids, yea, they did great, especially considering it was basically their first time really having a main role [the exception being Daniel Radcliffe; he played David Copperfield when he was a good deal younger, but really, it doesn't carry over if you know what I mean, as for Emma Watson (III) and Rupert Grint, it was their first time EVER acting in a film and if you ask me they did absolutely SMASHINGLY well]. Anyway, I would COMPLETELY recommend the film to ANYONE, of ANY age, ANY race, etc etc, because the magic of Harry Potter isn't just for a certain age group...it's for everyone...and gives us all a bit of hope, it really, truly does. :]
Simply LOVE I just loved this! I can't wait to see the second movie as well. Rupert Grint's expressions are cute, and Emma Watson is really pretty, and Daniel Radcliffe is very young! My favorite part was, "it's leviOsa not leviosA" I hope to purchase another Harry Potter movie.
A Perfect Gift I bought Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone(Widescreen Edition). I gave this movie as a Christmas present to a best friend of mine. I got him the first two (2) Harry Potter. He liked the first two (2) movies because Harry Potter was young. The first two movie were great!
What an event! This film is an event for people of all ages. It's imagination is brought to life by director Chris Colombus. He does a splendid job in directing the children, as he does in all his movies. The story takes a real twist at the end, as all novel readers know, but the film itself is appreciateable in it's humor that is given off by the great child actors. The child acting, at some points, only falls down to decent, but most of the time is terriffic. The visuals tend to lack at points, the troll, who is supposed to be about five tons, looks weightless because it's computer generated imagery doesn't seem completed. I believe visual effects teams will improve that in the future though. Of course, John Williams blows us away with his Oscar nominated score and left people of all ages humming the theme as they left the theater. It was memorable and me and my friends counted how many times we got chills in the theater just from the exciting score. It's an exciting movie, full of suprises, absolutely great acting, and one to be considered an all-time classic. It lives up to the book and I sometimes find it scary how the artists of this film managed to depict the characters exactly how I imagined them when I read the book. It is overwhelming how they truly bring J.K. Rowling's vision to life. And, I have seen the poster for Chamber of Secrets, and Dobby is exactly the way I imagined him. These artists freak me, but I love them for it. Splendid job, great film, definetly see it if you haven't. And don't bother renting it, just buy it, cause it's worth every penny.
Sorcerer's Stone Looks Incredible on Blu-ray This movie looks so good on Blu ray. It was almost like watching it for the first time. I highly recommend the Blu-ray version. I watched on PS3 and it looked supurb on my 50" Plasma. Definitely worth owning.
A Wonderful Movie Even if you have never read the books, you can still fall in love with the movie. Director Chris Columbus, did an excellent job bringing Harry and his friends to life. The movie is great and entertaining for the entire family. It is a must see for everyone.
Blockbuster Young and old alike will enjoy this sure-to-be Classic for its ability to tickle the imagination of all of us. A winner that bears repeat watchings. No matter your age, find a comfortable spot, unplug the phone and enjoy. Beverly J Scott author of Righteous Revenge
harry potter and the sorerer's stone This is the film that started the books being made into movies. This one introduces harry and the other characters and starts their adventures and they learn to relay on somebody besides thereselves, they also start learning the magic and spells at the wizard school.
Magically Delightful!!! Finally! A film that portrays pagans in the proper prospective. Just goes to prove that people can handle the fact that pagans are not the devil worshipers that they were always believed to be. Just like the book, Harry Potter will bewitch your heart with delight!
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This movie is awesome! As for the special edition 2nd disc it is alright. It's cool to explore hogwarts but the menu is very confusing. Besides that I'd highly recommend this movie. It's mixed with comedy and fantasy. An all around great movie for the whole family.
Bloody Brilliant!!!!! How could you not like this movie!!!!! The cast in this movie is perfect! You really believe that the charecters are real the way they play them.When I first saw this movie I was glued to the screen.So buy this movie today and fall in love with this magical movie.
Fun and faithful to the book This film is a fun and charming action film that is magical and touching. It is equally enjoyable for children and adults and those who have and have not read the books. A great beginning to what is sure to be an extremely popular and entertaining film series.
H.P. IS REALLY NEAT!! The movie disc was awsome. Ilike the way the special effects occure. On the features disc I liked to tour Hogwarts,catch the snitch,and visit Diagon Alley. I loved the interviews and there is much more to discover.I won't tell you more in till you buy it.
Great price This item came slower than I expected but was still in new condition like advertised. Very good movie and purchasing it has helped me with the goal of owning all of the Harry Potter movies. Wasn't much of a fan until now so I have some catching up to do.
Fabulously original! I love these books/movies! And...having seen all of the movies myself, I purchased this one for my 6 year old daughter and she loved it! I'm not sure she's ready for the subsequent episodes in the series as they get a little more intense with each one!
Extended pleasure! It was such a pleasure to watch this film with the added scenes. My favorite addition were the eggs near the beginning. If you haven't seen it yet...be prepared to be surprised. I loved it!
The One That Started It All This is the first movie in the series and one of the best. i love this movie. I thought that the film makers did a good job staying true to the book as much as possible. this is a great movie. This ultimate edition is for every harry potter fan to own.
star Harry Potter Movies were in best condition. also best quality in blue ray . I wish I would have checked for whole complete set,before buying individually. But it was first time watching any movie in blue ray,THERE REALLY IS A BIG DIFFERENCE.
Loved it! ^_^ A great match for the books (although I'd still take the books over the movies any day) and a fun watch. Even got a few non-Potter friends to sit down and see some of it. Always nice to make converts. ^_~ Now if I could only get my books back...
THIS FILM IS FUN AND EXCITING. THIS FILM IS ONLY ONE OF MANY HARRY POTTER FILMS. THIS FILM IS FUN AND VERY IMAGINATIVE. THE SITUATIONS THESE ADORABLE KIDS GET THEMSELVES IN ARE BOTH EXCITING AND DANGEROUSLY FUN. THE WHOLE FAMILY WILL LOVE THIS FILM AND THE OTHER HARRY POTTER FILMS.
A Classic! An absolutely wonderful movie. I love the books and thought I would be disappointed but I wasn't. There were certain changes but the look was right on target. The actors were perfect for the roles. Kudos to the entire cast! An instant classic!
The Wizard of OZ of our Time I just bought the DVD yesterday after renting it the other day and found it to be thoroughly enjoyable. I haven't read the books (though that ought to change soon now that I'm a new father!) and I didn't see the film in theaters. But I was captivated from the start by the story, the charactors, and the wonderful sets. It's interesting to note that the CGI is toned down a bit compared to the eye candy that's being passed off as movies these days. Most of the animals (including the owls) are real, as are most of the sets (real stone floors, tables, etc.), thereby making the story much more believable than Star Wars II. From such young actors, the acting is superb, and the adults do a good job as well (some of those british accents seem a bit forced, though). Some (adult)reviewers have noted that some scenes (the chess scene, for example) failed to instill fear in thier minds. I think that they were executed perfectly, keep in mind that this movie is aimed at pre-teens. If you'd like to see children getting their heads blown off, then you won't enjoy this film. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised at this refreshing fantasy that's should be in anyone's collection. A last note: I give the movie 5 stars, but the DVD does lack some of the features you might expect from such a film. The interface is cumbersome (for an adult, anyway), and the interviews are limited. I would have enjoyed seeing more on how the film was made.
Harry Pottter & Scrcerer's Stone I have all the Harry Potter movies, but I enjoy this one most. I have trouble sleeping and the best solution I have found is to listen to the music from this first episode, I've already worn out one VHS tape, so I was estatic when I found this one.
Five Stars Great movie for kids and adults.
Solid movie I came late to the Harry Potter Frenzy, but at least I can understand it now. This was a great movie based on an even better book. Some of the character interpretations were off in my estimation, but hey, I don't make movies, I just go see them.
A Great Movie to Watch I am not a fan of the Harry Potter books but this movie was entertaining. I watched it on cable one day and found myself sitting down to watch it instead of flipping the channels. This movie will take your mind off of other things. It did mine.
Four Stars for Kids HPSS is definitely worth seeing once for an adult and probably thirty times for a youngster. The effects are very nice, and the story as everyone knows, is fun and intriguing. Do not recommend a buy for adults, but if you have kids it is a must.
Harry Potter 1 on HD DVD Good Movie, The transfer is not perfect like I hoped. It is good but you do see video noise in dark scenes and even in bright scenes on a large HDTV. in comparison, Phantom of the opera was mostly night scenes and indoors but had a perfect picture
Interesting I think the movie is fantastic! Great picture, story, effects, and sound. The features are a little annoying to get to though. You have to go through many puzzles. You might like it but I am not fond of the puzzles. Everything else is great!
It's good, but not as good as... The "Harry Potter" movie suffered for coming out shortly before "Lord of the Rings - Fellowship of the Ring". HP is a good, entertaining, enjoyable family movie, and true to the book (perhaps a bit too much so) - unfortunately for it LotR turned out to be a truly magnificent film which not only captured the essence of its book but showed how you could transfer it to the big screen and be faithful to it while tightening and speeding things up. As both of these films are merely the first in series it seems likely that poor Harry and Hogwarts will be continue to be overshadowed by Middle Earth. This is rather a pity - one can enjoy both, after all. Yes, the DVD of the film itself is good, though the second one with its various extras (including a few - all too few -cut scenes) really is badly laid out and difficult to navigate. Poor Harry has also suffered a bit, from what we hear on this side of the pond, from the attention of people who think he is anti-Christian. How a story of the power of redeeming love to overcome evil can be this I really don't know. A couple of anti-Potter websites I've seen quote one of the characters who says "there is no good or evil, only power" as if this represents JK Rowling's viewpoint. In fact those words are uttered by the main bad character against whom Harry and the forces of good are battling. Wasn't there something in the Bible about not bearing false witness, chaps?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone DVD I purchased this DVD immediately after reading the book and enjoyed watching it. It follows the book pretty well, of course events were shortened or left out because of time constraints but overall, I enjoyed the movie and would recommend it.
Great Adventure The best person to see this movie is someone who wants to read the book but hasn't yet. Obviously a movie that's not 8 hours long never lives up to its book, but the parts they did use were done quite well enough that I don't regret paying seven bucks to see it in the theater. One of the best integrations of CGI I've ever experienced; of course the fact that the movie is a coloring book of a kid's fantasy tale kinda makes that easier. Just the same... If you're 22 like me, give or take a few years, and you loved Legend and The Dark Crystal and The Labyrinth and The Princess Bride and The Neverending Story, pretend you're a kid with a new VCR and you're momma or daddy just rented this for you. It's sure to be a classic in the same vein as those mentioned to the kids who are seeing it now!!
it was great to see the scene given more time and explanation In some places the extended scenes didn't add much to the movie & perhaps even took away from the impact of the overall scene. In other places, it was great to see the scene given more time and explanation. Worth renting if you don't own it.
great movie this is a fun filled movie with action and a lot of fun for the whole family. they did a great job with the special effects and relates a lot to the book. this is a must have for harry potter fans and for those who want to see a great movie.
Where the magic never ends. 15th april 2004. Harry potter 1 and 2 are both as good as each other, i can't wait for the next one to come out. Harry potter is all magic, it is one of the best films i have ever seen, the acting is great and the characters. ANYONE WOULD PROBABLY ENJOY IT.
my kids like it I really liked the books better. But...my kids love this movie. I thinks because they get to see other kids being heroes and having adventures. And of course, Harry and Co. are good role models, not perfect, but definetely the good guys.
BEST MOVIE EVER! This is SUCH a good movie! It follows the book closly without cutting so many parts and good characters! (Unlike Kavik....) They chose all the characters very well!!! I don't think any movie as close to this has so many special effects!
3 Stars after seeing it, 1 star after seeing Chamber. I left this movie when I first saw it thinking of how it was a "not bad" movie. Many of the parts of the book have been completely eliminated. The action night adventure entitled "The Midnight Duel" in the book was completely eliminated, and actually ruins the whole point of them being afraid of Filch. The scene with them rescuing the dragon was also completely eliminated. The scene in the Forbidden Forest was also shortened. Basically, once Harry reaches Hogwarts, there are very few BIG action scenes until the end. (I'll also add that that has less action than in the book.) Nothing has been done to the action scenes to make them acceptable movie action scenes. Many of the effects are completely unbelieveable. It is almost impossible to look at that Centaur, Voldemort, or that Quidditch match and not notice how fake everything looks. Nobody acting in this movie was doing their best, espechily Harris, who's performance lacked any of the humor described in the book, but I guess the director is more to blame for that. Columbus does such a better job in Chamber that this movie looks like a complete joke in comparrison. But it was cool to watch, to see the things come to life, the wizarding world come to life, so 3 stars. I received this DVD for free. Otherwise, I wouldn't have owned it. -----------------------------------------------------------------
Excellent service! This was the first time I had tried ordering something used on Amazon, and I couldn't be happier! The box is in great condition, considering that it can be hard to keep cardboard boxes in good condition... and the DVD plays perfectly!
Potter scores again. A wonderful adaption of the novel to film. Saw this at the theater when it first came out and enjoyed the whole experience. Have read all the books and think that the movie was well done; not to mention the cast's great performances.
HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERERS STONE VHS I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE CAPTURED THE GROWN UPS AS WELL AS THE CHILDREN. PLEASE E-MAIL ME AS SOON AS THE NEXT HARRY POTTER BOOK IS ON VHS MY E-MAIL EZ2ATTBI.COM THANK YOU, JAMES A. CAPSALIS
Brilliantly creative! Well written, inventive, creative and exciting even for adults. These books have been around for years, but when they first came out there were truly novel elements not previously seen. Even today they still are creative stories.
Great fun! Having read the books, I really looked forward to this movie. It did not disappoint! Not much more to say on that! I only had one problem with the dvd. There are so many special features that I cannot find the deleted scenes!
Great Harry Potter movie! I bought this originally for my wife for Christmas and we have watched it numerous times. I won't spend time talking about the details of the movie or anything like that. But it has some excellent casting and an excellent story.
Love Harry Potter Movies This is the first in the series. It starts everything off and explains why Harry is so gifted and special to Hogwarts. Follow him as he learns and grows in wisdom to evils around him. I bought this DVD to complete my series.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone VHS Movie looked and sounded just like what you see in the book. However, ALOT of things were left out. I know that if you put everything in the movie, moviegoers would be there for four hours. But that was what I was looking for!
Good the actual movie is good but to play the games you have to go to diagon alley and enter the answer to a puzzle sometimes it freezes when you aretrying to crack the code so do not buy this for the games because THE GAMES STINK!
The Book was better If I hadn't read the book first, I probly would have loved the movie, but as always, I read the book first. The special features are nice but I tend to by DVD's just for the qulity of the movie, not the "features."
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
Great Movie If you didn't read the book, you might be confused, but otherwise they really brought everything alive. They cut out parts, but I felt like I was there. My favorite part must be the quidditch game. I highly recommend this.
I Loved It! Just like the book I've seen this movie 3 times now. I think it's very well done and the acting is great. Can't wait for the next movie and 5th book to come out. My son and I have a special time together when we read or watch Harry Potter.
This is a nice movie I think this movie has most of what the original book had. It's the harry potter book in a glowing box. I loved this movie. It might be one of the best harry potter movie out of all the harry potter movies I watched.
No Features Here Folks The long awaited Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone movie was well worth the wait. Sad to say, however, that the long awaited DVD was not. The Special Features amount to "theatrical trailers." Which is sad for a 2 disk set. I personally found the 2nd disk's "game" (which is what Disk 2 is) annoying. Unless you did everything right, you would not be allowed to advance. I can understand that the filmakers wanted to "expand" the harry potter world, and let kids roam freely. In which case why not make a PC game instead? why waste your money on making a DVD game, instead of providing the special features we have all come to expect and enjoy from DVD's? The only good thing about it is a 15min Interview with the filmakers which provides very little into the making of the movie. If you ask me, you're better off buying the Widescreen VHS or something than to waste your money on a 2 disk set with no features.
Very Good Although the movie was not completely true to the book, the adaption was very unique and well told. The acting could have been better but the amazing Quidditch scene made up for any losses in the movie itself. Amazing!
Wonderful Movie Even though I haven't read the books and really had little interest in going to the theater to see this movie, I'm glad my wife rented it. It was great, so great in fact that we bought the DVD. Buy it, it's worth it.
It's magical! This is a great movie.Daniel Radcliffe stars as Harry Potter and puts a spell on everyone in the world!The second movie is released and I'm waiting for the third one.Too bad they are not goin' to make the fourth one!
If you like Harry Potter, this is a no brainer This is a great series. The books and movies are all extremly well done. I got this for my 6 year old after we read the first book. It's a great addition to my HP library and I'm sure will be watched many times.
Harry Potter Movie Typical Harry Potter fantasy movie...bought it as a gift for a lover of these movies. She liked it...would have preferred the regular edition, but couldn't go back to it when browsing. Full screen worked well, too.
5 star movie w/a pain in the a** dvd I'd rate it higher, cause it was a wonderful movie. But the xtras are stupid and the navigation screens nearly made me scream. Talk about a pain! I just want to watch the damn movie not play stupid guessing games!
Harry Potter is amazing! I luved this movie, but I wouldn't have minded that they didn't cut it down ( a true Harry Potter fan would probably rather see a three hour totaly unabridged version than the abridged, but it was still amazing!
Does Justice to the Book As a big fan of the Harry Potter series, I was anxious to see the movie. Now I'm dying to see the next one! Fun for the whole family, over and over again!
Great Kids Movie! My kids are reading the Harry Potter book series and are enjoying them thoroughly. The movie is good but not as good as the book. Would recommend it to other families to view for pure family entertainment.
One of the best movies ever made. Fantastic movie. I have been waiting to show this to my oldest son for the longest time. I couldn't wait any longer. He's 5 years old and handled it great! Another generation of Harry Potter fans are hooked!
Harry Potter Sorcers Stone Ultiate Edition Another block buster in the franchise. As usual it is wonderful! Effects are TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!! I hope they continue the franchise like The Hobbit, Star Wars, Indianna Jones and others. No reason to stop!
Best Movie ever I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone is the best Movie ever. I love Harry Potter, and everything about it. I so wanted to be in the next movie, but I wasn`t that lucky. Oh well, Maybe next time!!
My first introduction I have not read the HP books, although I intend to now. This first movie was an excellent introduction and I loved the harry and his friends for their fresh acting. There is a real 'magic' to this movie.
A great movie from a great book. I have read the book, and the movie mostly follows it. There are a few slight differences though, but in general it was a great movie with flawless computer graphics and special effects. The only problem i had was that the movie was based in a place with english accents, and some word choice that might not be heard in the USA threw me off. Such as when Mr Dursely called the mail service "post", whereas in the USA we call it "mail". None the less, still very easy to follow, and they really did a great job with the Twist ending. Note: This movie is for kids and adults alike. ~hope this helps
Awesome Movie I really like Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. It is really cool and doesn't leave out important parts of the book. You should see it if you like: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
midget tribe of nee Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was the best movie i have ever seen. Drama and excitement together made this movie great. I saw it 4 times! I want to own this movie and watch it again and again.
Awesome Movie I really like Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. It is really cool and doesn't leave out important parts of the book. You should see it if you like: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Thumbs up to Harry Potter! Like most movies, I tended to like the original movie better than the sequels, although in the case of the Harry Potter movies, I loved them all! I can't imagine anyone not liking a Harry Potter movie!
Not as good as the books, but still excellent! It is really dissapointing that this movie does not contain the second Quiditch match against Hufflepuff and misses a lot of other elements of the book, but the movie is very beautiful and interesting.
Best Movie Night Ever A humorous, intriguing, and delightful movie to watch with my three grandchildren! I loved the moral teachings of courage, perseverance, and teamwork! We cannot wait to see the next Harry Potter movie!
Great Story This is the first of a series of very entertaining movies for the family. I look at the movies as something completely different then the books, which makes them both different and both enjoyable.
Love this better than all the rest my favorite out of the whole series who wouldn't love this movie loved it since i was 11 or 12 or longer now that i'm in my 20's i love it even more!
Great movie for all ages My 12 year old son read the book and now has watched the movie. We went to Universal Studios this summer and the Diagon Alley is just like the one in the movie. Fantastic story, actors, and scenery.
4**** Family entertainment Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Video:... Richard Harris Good family fun throughout. Ideal for the young witches and wizards of the house. 4**** Family entertainment
This DVD completes the Harry Potter set that we have The movie is great, would recommend it to a friend. It arrived in excellent condition and on time as described. I would choose the seller that I bought this DVD from again. Robert Gaskill
Best! Harry Potter is good & this one is the best because it is the first. I got it when I was supposed to & there was no problems with the blu ray. I would say people of all ages would enjoy this movie!
After all these years still a good movie Grandkids love it. Not to spoil the movie but my granddaughter read the book first and kept fussing about what was left out..lol Introduced my other two grandkids to the world of Happy Potter.
HUGE expectations to fill and this movie doesn't disappoint! Watching the world within this beloved series take life on the screen is just phenomenal! It is so well done! The cast is supreme. The magic is super fun to watch. We enjoyed every minute of it!!
Magical This film was excellent, the first time I saw it was in Australia and then again in American and the films were a little different, along with the titles. One for the whole family. Don't miss it.
Captures a young boys imagination ! Bought for my Grand-Son he enjoys it every time it is played. Great for the imagination and awe of a young boy. Especially since it is part of an ongoing story line. Recommend it highly as a gift !
3.6 stars from me. This is a pretty good adaptation of the first of the five Harry Potter books and for the most part it's pretty enjoyable. This movie is of a young boy named Harry Potter who lives with his mean-spirited relatives The Dursleys in Little Whinging after his parents were murdered and has live a hellish 11 years of his life under their mistreatment of him. Harry however, learns about his past and discovers the ability to create magic with the use of a wand and goes to a magic school called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and a whole new world awaits him. Harry learns that his parents were killed by an evil wizard named Lord Voldemort and now that he's returning, Voldemort is after a legendary artifact called the Sorcerer's Stone to give him eternal life. Harry Potter now has to stop Voldemort from getting ahold of the stone. This movie for the most part is really good but while it's good, it's kind of drags on a bit in places and is boring in some areas too but is a lot of fun. The sequel "The Chamber of Secrets" though is a lot better but this first one is a decent start.
Read the book then watch the movie. Just now started reading the books in order. When I finished reading the Sorcerer"s Stone I watched the movie and loved it. Can't wait till I finish the 2nd book so I can watch the next movie.
Five Stars best sale for this movie.
Great movie. Of course, the books are always better, but if I were you, I would read the book first and then buy the movie and watch it. This movie is good, you should buy it soon (if you don't have it yet).
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone This is the video of the first book of the series and I have enjoyed it very much. I showed my daughter how good the series is. I had this on VHS but it doesn't work well so I wanted it on DVD.
A fantastic movie for kids and adults alike. This is a fantastic movie for kids and adults alike. What a fun story! The cast was perfect, and the amount of curiosity, suspense, fantasy and action was just right for a enjoyable family movie.
Great edition of the original screenplay Great quality HD version of the original movie release (and without the extra "deleted" scenes). We enjoyed watching it again. Good to see all the Harry Potter movies available on Fire.
Brings the book to life This movie is based on a book of the same name. My teenage son has been reading the books and said the movie was wonderful. He said that the movie brought " the feel"of the book to life.
Always an amazing movie to watch Always an amazing movie to watch. Our son just finished reading through the first book and we were sure we owned the movie, alas it was not part of our collection. Glad we could view it online!
Love everything about this movie Love everything about this movie! Special effects are great, characters, actors, actresses are wonderful. One of my favorite movies to watch after reading the book series with my grandchildren.
Our 4 year was very interested in seeing this after ... Our 4 year was very interested in seeing this after visiting the Universal theme park and we just looove this movie. Hoping he wants to read the books and see the other films as he gets older.
Harry Potter is the worlds greatest wizard. He has defeated fully trained and qualified ... Harry Potter is the worlds greatest wizard. He has defeated fully trained and qualified wizards since the age of 11. Harry Potter has significantly changed modern wizarding history. Thank you
great I'm a Harry Potter fan and I don't get tired of watching it. Movie is great, good quality sound. The only problem was that I bought the HD version and unfortunately that wasn't what I got. =/
really good. as everyone knows its a great story. i dont really like all the spell casting due to me being a christian but to be honest this is way better then so of the more evil storys being put out now
Still a great story. Series will be a generational classic Realizing I saw this in college on opening night for my birthday, then realizing how old I've gotten kinda gave me the feels. Still a great story. Series will be a generational classic.
great I just got HD flat screen TV and a Bluray player so I was able to look at all the Harry Potter films in this way. They all are delightful and visually quite a feast with this new technology.
The beginning is Best! After reading the first book, my daughter was so excited to watch the films! We both enjoyed being introduced to the film characters and were entertained and captivated from start to finish!
Lots of fun This family fun movie is full of laughs and adventure. The book is better (but it always is). It stands out with awesome characters that takes your imagination on the most magical ride ever.
Stays quite close to the books I thought this movie stayed quite close to how I had envisioned the adventures of Harry. There is a truly marvelous cast in this one, and the sneering Alan Rickman is worth a rent on its own
Harry Potter Rules!!! I love this movie. The special effects are great. It's even better because all the actors are really British. I've love the way the directer stays true to the books. That is a plus for sure.
Love the first two movies. love the first two Harry Potters. They are a lot like the book, and the only things they changed were things that I felt they had to to make it a movie. Read the books then watch the movies!
Classic start to a timeless series The movie is a fun adventure that is great for all ages. Particularly fun for young kids, but you can definitely watch it as a family film. Can get tiring after the first few times, though.
Easy to dowload My kid is reading the books . We easily downloaded the movie and he loves watching it on his ipad! We also downloaded the amazonvideo app on the xbox , so we can watch the movies on the tv.
What more can I say EXTREAMLY WONDERFUL story. Its engaging and fun. I highly reccomend it and the books are even better. Great story thats up there with The Wizard of Oz and the Chronicals of Narnia.
Harry Potter (First movie) I think I love the two first movies of the Harry potter series the best. I have all but the Deathly Hallows Part 2. Each one I recieved arrived in a timely manner, in very good condition.
love it I choose this rating cuz for one thing I love harry potter movies and to they are just really good movies. I love everything about this movie and I would recommend this movie for everyone.
Harry Potter You'll needed to try it l loved the movie l love everything on my Amazon Fire HD tablet and Amazon.com. I love to look and shop on Amazon.com Thanks again. Love, Patty Thilman
A wonderful movie based on a wonderful book Let me say quickly that I loved the book. And that I love the movie just as much, which is a lot from me considering that I often find movie adaptations to be inferior to the books they were taken from. Emma Watson is an amazing actress; and Daniel Radcliffe looks the part of Harry. But there were also some longtime screen favorites who did an excellent job as well, particularly Alan Rickman as the creepy Professor Snape, Richard Harris as Dumbledore, and Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagal. The scene that sticks out in my mind is the scene towards the end when Harry and Ron have to play chess in order to make it through. Its tense and scary, but I always wonder, "Are they going to make it out in the end?" Of course they do, but thats what this movie is about: suspense. The special effects in this movie are spectacular. I don't agree with those who say that the Harry Potter books are an instrument of Satan. Its really a harmless movie which encourages people (kids and adults) to have imaginations- not commit violent acts.
... the hype and trailers I thought I would not like Harry Potter in the least From all the hype and trailers I thought I would not like Harry Potter in the least. To my surprise, I found it totally enjoyable. It has it's flaws, but what movie doesn't? Good show.
Very entertaining, I was the only one who had ... Very entertaining,I was the only one who had not read the book ... But everyone else was very engaged . When young daughter finishes book2, we will watch it. Hope she will hurry now!
Best series ever 5 stars of course!! I've been watching Harry Potter since I was 7. I am now 19. Best series ever. Also it's so close to the books which is always a plus! I will always be a potterhead :-)
Harry Potter Wow I loved this movie it was delightful and i'd see it again and againa and so on. It was great for all ages. Even people who did'nt like Harry Potter enjoyed it. Thats how great it was
As advertised, a Harry Potter movie It was pretty good, but I had the VHS of the same movie. I only bought this to 'round out' my 'collection' of Harry Potter movies on DVD (Blue-Ray is just too expensive and unnecessary).
Fun film! Beautiful to watch, fun special effects, great casting...I love the books and think the film makers did a pretty good job here...cheers for Harry & friends...the DVD is really nice...
Great Movie This movie is so entertaining I can watch it 100 times more, it's just fun and easy going It will help you spend more than 2 hours entertained and enjoying a pleasant movie for everyone!
A Movie better than the Book? People love to tell how the book was always "so much better than the movie!" I don't really think it matters how good the book or the movie are, people are just so afraid to say they enjoyed any movie more. Well, I enjoyed this movie more than the book. This is probably because I saw the movie first, which means that when I think on all those feelings of excitement and worry, I remember the movie. For the purists, who love to pick apart any difference between the movie and the book (and judge the movie's version to be worse, regardless of whether it is), there are plenty of little changes to keep them occupied (and give them hours upon hours whiney conversation topics). But, for those of you who love a great story, you will not be disappointed. This is an excellent movie with all the important moments from the book nicely bound in to a 2+ hour movie. It is so well done that if you see it before you read the book, you may like it more, too. Don't bother renting, it's just wasting 3 bucks (You'll end up buying it anyway).
We loved it! True to the book and very engaging We loved it! True to the book and very engaging. Some of the conversations can be hard to understand, more due to sound than to accent. Some scenes too scary for children under 9 or 10.
Classic Movie from the Present Loved the book so I had to watch the movie over again. All the magic starts here and it's just the beginning to a whole new experience if you intend to see all the sequels that follow.
Must watch. Family friendly! The start to one of the greatest movie franchises of all time. Do you really need my review to convince you to watch it? Amazing movie. Amazing series. Good for all ages. Watch it!
VERY GOOD MOVIE!!!!!!! THIS HARRY POTTER MOVIE IS AS GOOD AS THE REST OF THE MOVIES. MYSELF I RATHER READ THE BOOKS FIRST THEN WATCH THE MOVIE. I RECOMMEND ANYONE WHO LIKES HARRY POTTER TO BUY ALL THE DVD'S.
Excellent Movie!!! This is a great movie!! It's way better than the book! I highly reccomend reading the book first then watching the movie! You'll be able to watch it 50 times and you'll still like it!!
Awful transmission Of course the movie is a classic. However, Amazon's transmission (streaming) was not up to par. Parts of the movie were fuzzy. The last 15 minutes had buffering problems.
Harry Potter Lives 4-Ever! :) Masterpiece of a film. Period. And if you need any more convincing...take a look at the films that follow and see how they all come from this one perfectly. My...what a great film. :)
new discoveries i've seen this movie many years ago when it first came out, but upon watching it again i was able to find a lot of hidden devices within the movie--not a bad adaptation of the book!
Harry Potter I love the ultimate edition of years 1 & 2. I don't know why the rest of the years can't have the longer versions. When and IF they do, I'll replace the ones I have with those ones.
J.K. Rowling's first book as a movie The movie is not able to encompass all the things that happen to Harry in and out of Hogwart's Academy but the video is able to hold your interest and will intrigue you nonetheless.
Great movie I think Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone Is a great movie. I read the book and then watched the movie and felt they did a great job of following the book. Loved it. Aanika
so much fun I am 65 years old and this is the first time for me to see any of the H. P. movies. It's so great to watch a thriller show full suspense and NO foul language or excessive violence.
Five Stars Everything as described
Always a great movie Can't go wrong with Harry Potter, something about Harry Potter and Christmas go together, perhaps its the hours and hours of free time i have cuddling up inside away from the snow!
The First and the Best! This continues to be my favorite Harry Potter book and movie. Well written, well acted. I wish Ms. Rawlings would write another sequence with the children of the main characters.
It's always better to read the book It's always better to read the book, Hermione Granger, but as books made into movies, this one is still a great show and stands alone without having read it first. Enjoy the movie!
Excellent movie Great to watch after reading the book. Some loading problems encountered on amazon website though Kids loved the movie regardless Moving on to the second book and movie!
Love the movie Love the movie! Streaming needs to be improved - it seems to freeze for a split second every so often. I don't think it's my internet since I don't have this problem with Netflix.
On Edge of my seat! This was such a wonderful movie for my grand kids and me too! We all loved it so much. It was fast paced to keep the little ones watching and great effects. It was enjoyed by all.
What is there to say? It's Harry Potter. Well made flight of fancy. Looking for a deeper issue? Light up Discovery or History or Bio. This is strictly entertainment and it does it very, very well!
Fabulous! We watched this after reading the book with my daughter. It was great! Fabulous! Loved it! Can't wait to finish the second book with her so that we can watch the second movie!
Absolutely Awesome! My child is a huge Harry Potter fan Absolutely Awesome! My child is a huge Harry Potter fan. She has read all the books twice! We hae watched the series and they all stay true to the books. Will not disappoint!
Love the movie! My daughter got this from me for Christmas. It was the perfect gift for her, and it completed our set of Harry Potter movies. Would recommend the book and the seller to anyone.
It's our favorite of the series We've watched this movie so many times. It's our favorite of the series, everything is new and magical. Even for adults it's like walking into an enchanted world of imagination.
They did pretty well considering most movies are never as good or ... After reading all the books I wanted to see how the movies stacked up. They did pretty well considering most movies are never as good or even close to being as good as the book.
Harry Potter The Harry Potter series in movie form all closely follow the books and are for the most part well done. The last three are particularly 'dark' both visually and metaphorically.
Oh, little Harry! SO much fun to go back and see Harry all young and vulnerable and living in his cupboard under the stairs again. Revisiting the whole series in order and thoroughly enjoying it.
Those extra minutes are added and make a difference recommended viewing Those extra minutes make all the difference, well worth viewing and adding to your Amazon Library. Recommended worth watching again with the extended version. Highly recommended
harry potter and the sorcerer's stone this was [a great] movie it was just like the book in all aspects expeasaly quidditch. that was cool. this movie was the best movie i ever seen thats parcally close the book.
Magical Beginning This movie was a great adaptation of the novel. The characters are wonderfully brought to life by the actors. A perfect introduction to Rowling's wizard world and Harry Potter.
Good stuff for kids My children loved it, and there was enough to keep me interested as well. We will soon be watching the rest of the series, and best of all, my son can't wait to read the books.
Love it! I'm a big Harry Potter fan and ... Love it! I'm a big Harry Potter fan and I have never seen some of those scenes before in the extended version. It tied the film even closer to the book. Always a good classic!
great family movie Instant classic, wonderful adaptation of the book. Moves quickly, filled with memorable characters. Excellent cinematography and sound quality. Charming movie for ages above 8
Love this movie!!! Our family loves Harry Potter! I just introduced my 7 yr old to the magical world and hr loves it too!! I may hold off on the next ones since they do get darker and scarier.
... chose to watch immediately after reading so it felt like an unnecessarily long recap Very true to the book but I chose to watch immediately after reading so it felt like an unnecessarily long recap. again great movie just a wait a while after reading to watch
A wonderful classic Such a good movie! I enjoyed as a child and my boys really like it too! Not too scary for my 7 year old- he does not like anything scary but loves the 1st Harry Potter movie!
Great Movie! The Harry Potter movies are no disappointment to the books. The only thing this DVD is missing is special features, but I suppose in 2000 they weren't quite doing those yet.
a great addition to the phenomenon This is a wonderful must-have for any Harry Potter fan. I enjoyed the extras on the DVD-ROM very much. Most DVDs extras are worthless, but this one's enhance the experience.
Great Start I always liked this movie the best out of the series i guess because it introduces you to so much. Great start to a new adventure if you haven't seen it which i can't image.
VHS replacement I'm upgrading my VHS collection, but what's more to say about the Harry Potter movies. They're great. Story, characters, fx, etc. can't be beat. A fantasy fans must have.
GREAT MOVIE!!!!! This movie definitely lives up to the Harry Potter book. The movie stays true to the books and helps you visually to. The actors fit the descriptions of the book very well.
love the movie I love the the first movie because in my opinion, its the closest to the book. Great quality. Love being able to have this movie anywhere I go with an internet connection.
not bad These movies will appeal most to those who read the books, and reading the books will help you understand what's going on (which isn't a great thing to say about a movie).
Can't find deleted scenes. i gave it 4 stars cause it was great and all but i can't find the deleted scenes. i preodered it and got it sat. and have been looking for the deleted scenes ever since.
Great as a Spanish language learnihg tool Bought this actually to help improve my kids Spanish. They know the story inside out so it was great to see them enjoy watching the Spanish version. - subtitles help too.
forget the digital copy... The movie isn't really that much different from the extended version. The box is kind of nice, but unless you have it out where people can see, what does that matter? I got this for two reasons: 1) It was supposed to have lots of new scenes, and 2) the digital copy. The "new scenes" are okay. Most seem to be the deleted scenes and such from other versions of the movie I already had. The digital copy is a bust. I received the DVDs on the very day they expired, but the system still would not let me download them. I emailed customer service, and got a completely unsatisfactory answer. Basically, if you want their digital copy, don't count on them to give it to you. I now had a useless DVD in a pretty box sitting on a shelf where nobody can see it unless they to looking for it. Was it worth the money? Probably not. Unless, that is, you feel like you have to collect everything. But don't think you are getting a "deal" when you get it.
Our First This was our first experience with the Harry Potter series.. we all fell in love with the characters, esp. Harry, Ron and Hermione.. what a wonderful cast of characters.
harry potter 2nd movie i loved the 2nd movie! it stayed loyal to the book i did miss some parts like nerly headless nick's party. but i liked it non the less! i truly recommend it!
Perfect movie! Not for the very young but for every age after! This is a magical movie based on a book that ignited millions of children to pick up giant books and read them! It is a classic and anyone can watch it and fall in love!
Great family movie It's a great family movie that brings me back to when I was a kid and watched it. It has great mystery and adventure that you won't expect unless you have read the book.
I love this film I love this film. We went to another server to finish it. The buffering time was frustrating! I don't know if it was our wifi, or what. No problem with the other server
The Magic Begins This is where the magic began, the first Harry Potter film. This series will never go out of style! I have watched this so many times I can quote it all the way through!
Good Movie This is a good movie. My kids are reading the books and so when they are even more interested in watching the movies now. Both the books and movies are good. 5 stars
Second Time's the Charm This is the second DVD I purchased. I misplaced my first copy -- well, it is probably hiding to avoid being played too much. Love ALL the Harry Potter books and movies.
Amazing!! simply amazing! is a new way of seeing and experiencing the world of Harry Potter! Anyone who is a fan of Harry Potter should have the ultimate edition of the films!
10/10 would recommend. read the books too a classic film. full of adventure, magic, and friendship. always a thrill to return to Hogwarts. thank you JK Rowling. 10/10 would recommend. read the books too. thx.
Great Quality Streaming! We're starting the HP marathon that the Lady wanted to start. I didn't want to watch it on regular old DVD so we got the HD version of it for streaming. It was great!
Great for families! Great movie for families to enjoy older kids & for the adults too!! Enjoy the whole movie series & the Harry Potter books too! My 11 year old has read them all!
Watching again through son's first experience with Harry Potter. Great movie! I have seen it many times, and could watch again and again. Recently, discovering Harry Potter books and movies again through my 9 year old. He loves it!
Four Stars Pretty good kid movie
Nice DVD My daughter complained about this movie because it wasn't EXACTLY like the book. I found it to be a fun movie from start to finish. Nice DVD package with lots to do.
Got the HP bug After listening to the HP audio books, I decided to watch all the movies. Amazon rental was perfect because it gives me a 48 hour window to watch my rental. Love it!
movie review What a great film. I really like the special edition and extras. I liked how well the character building was done, which can be hard to do with a book adaptation.
The Books and Movies are Awesome! What can I say, It is Harry Potter. What kid doesn't love all of the books and the movies? My niece is hooked... She is actually re-reading the books once again...
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is awesome! I own the Harry Potter DVD and I have to tell you it's awesome. I'm 35, love the books, and even love the movie. It's a fun wild ride that you ought to check out.
Harry Potter rocks! Harry Potter and the Philosopher's(Sorcerer's as in America)Stone was the coolest movie I had ever seen.I've read the book before I saw the movie but I enjoyed the movie more 'cos if I had to read anything it would probably be the subtitles(my sister alays puts them on and it's sooo annoying) and not the whole script instead(i hate reading).The one thing I don't understand why people say that Harry Potter teaches children witchcraft and that it worships the devil.Does anyone undertsand that 'cos I certainly don't.Harry Potter just has all the things that us kid could imagine and I don't think us children would worship the devil(we can't anyway,he doesn't exist).But anways,Harry Potter was a great movie and the rest of the HP movies will be just as great :) (that is...unless they have to get some other people to play the part of draco,ron,or harry since tom,rupert,and dan are getting older.especially tom)
5 stars I have to say i loved the DVD, if u don't have it u should get it. It is most definately worth the price. The 2nd disc is OK but, the movie disc is a 5 star disc!
Amazing! Harry Potter is an amazing movie. The book inside the DVD is also wonderful! I really love the books and the movie and this Box is something that I really wanted!
Magical to view The video quality was excellent, and streaming was uninterrupted. It does take a little longer to load, but the quality of the images more than makes up for that.
So exciting and a wonderful story of friendship and loyalty This was viewed with a friend that had not seen any of the Potter movies. As always this was a hit. So exciting and a wonderful story of friendship and loyalty.
Great Movie! This movie is as great as book is according to my son. He is 10 and just finished first book. I am looking forward to see other Harry Potter movies with my kids.
Pure magic! HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE is nothing but pure magic! We are as amazed as Harry is as we are introduced to the wizard world like never before with eye-popping special effects, a story that NEVER becomes the least bit boring, and a GREAT adaptation of a marvelous novel! It's also got some of the best child actors I've ever seen! So, yeah, it may be long, bit it's so good you just don't want it to end!!! I remember when I saw it in the theater and when it was over, I said to my girlfriend, "That was so short!" So, if you want a taste of nothing but magic, suspense, great acting and a great story, DEFINATELY SEE THIS!
Great I love this movie but I love the other stuff that came with it. The book was great to add to the whole movie. The cards are another great part of the collection.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The beginning, how Harry was left with his aunt & uncle, his introduction to Rubeus Hagrid and meeting the lovely Hermione Granger and the stalwart Ron Weasley.
Harry Potter- The Sorcerers Stone Once again an enjoyable adventure through the medium of film about Harry Potter's never ending search for fulfilment of his dream for completion of his mission.
Different version sent The version that was sent in response to my order was "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," not the "Sorcerer's Stone" version advertised.
Again Harry Potter As I said with the other extended Harry Potter movie. There are a few added scenes that really don't add to the movie itself, but is still a good watch anytime.
I love the series of books and movies I love the series of books and movies, but this one was a bit slow. But little Ron Weasley is adorable and I loved seeing their acting when they were so young.
We love Harry Potter We as a family love all of the Harry Potter movies. We notice something new and different every time we watch.No complaints on movie or purchasing transaction.
yes! I bought this just for the bonus material. I love it. I think that every DVD should include a lot of bonus material. Sometimes it's the best part of the Movie.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The movie held true to the book, which I thought was impressive. Although a lot of the smaller details were left out, I can understand due to the over all length of the movie. But there were enough major events included, that someone who hasn't read the books, could follow the events. The movie and all the special effects presented were amazing. The time went by so fast and really kept you involved with the story line. I do wish more of the childrens inter play and conversations were seen. As this reconfirms and helps define each character. In some ways, the special effects over shadowed the characters at times. But I wouldn't miss any of the future movies. Each of the characters are beautifully played and come to life before your eyes. Just as you picture them while reading the book. The costumes, sets and special effects really helped you connect with the story line.
Excellent movie for children and parents I realize this is not a movie on the scale of Star Wars or The Lord of the Rings; it is, however, a very good movie for families to view together. There are not many of those around anymore. The younger actors are new to acting and yes you can tell and some say the scenes are quick but who really goes to a movie to disect it. I went with my 12 yeard old daughter who loved it and the books. She didn't care that the performances weren't Academy Award material. All she cared about was that the movie was very close to the book and it was very entertaining. I myself have seen the movie twice and read all four books. I also have to say that anything that get children back on the road to reading is an instant hit with me. I have never seen my daughter read likes she reads those books. She has also started reading other similar books that she never would have even thought about before.
Amazing! This is an exceptional movie based on a classic piece of literature. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about friendship, loyalty and values.
Harry Potter is Magical We own the entire series and had this in VHS. We had to have it to match out the set in DVD's. Awesome to watch these kids grow from the beginning to the end.
Love it! Finally decided to watch Harry Potter and it's fantastic! I can't wait to purchase the other movies in the series and watch the characters and storyline grow.
Harry Potter is always wonderful, but... Advertised as a "Special Extended Version." Didn't see anything special or extended. Still...it's Harry Potter. It's always good to go back to the beginning.
great movie! this movie was great! but it has deleted some parts of the book like the midnight duel and some other things but otherwise it is a great movie for the family
Very good depiction of the book Very good depiction of the book, but is missing minor details. Also the effects are a little dated, but overall a very enjoyable movie for the whole family.
Good Movie good acting Good screenplay Great special effects great casting the best childrens book ever written for adults and a movie for everyone.
rumors are true It really is a great read, a little sci-fi and a basis on true conflicts of decision making. For a juniors read, adults can be just as addicted to the series
Classic Magic, charm and originality Great movie everyone must see. In league with the wizard of oz of you ask me. I just wish the audio and video weren't out of sync when streaming from Amazon.
It works This was a replacement for a dvd that didn't work, so that is why I purchased it. For some reason the original disc would not play in any of my dvd players.
Good Movie for a First-Grader Just watched this again with my 6-year old son and it was fun to watch it together. Not too scary and interesting enough to keep a young person's attention.
Amazing & Funny It was a lot like the book. It had a lot of action and suspense. Great acting and really good special effects! A great movie for an even better book.
"I won't be wronged, I won't be insulted, and I won't be laid a hand on. I don't do these things to other people and I require "I won't be wronged, I won't be insulted, and I won't be laid a hand on. I don't do these things to other people and I require the same from them."
Charming film This is just a great family film. Just enough danger to keep the kiddos on the edge of their seats and a lovely parable about kindness, family, and karma.
Great way to start our visit to Universal Studios with ... Great way to start our visit to Universal Studios with daughter and great grand daughter 8 yrs old. Another generation may still have Harry to grow up with
It's Harry Potter How can anyone not like Harry Potter. The kid who doesn't know that he is a powerful wizard. The books are better than the movies, but both are fantastic.
Harry Potter :) Purchase quickly on Amazon Prime via PS3, the quality was low at first but it came through very clear after a few minutes. I enjoyed all the little extras.
Classic Movie Was as expected and described- timely shipment. As always, package was complete. Price was very competitive, as always. Would recommend buying dvds here
Harry Potter blueray this did not meat the true standards of blue ray we are use to with the extra playing features but the blue ray does make the movie much more fun to watch.
Hooked!! After all these years I finally rented the Harry Potter Movie and watched it with my grandson. After doing so, I bought the DVD series. I am now hooked.
Streaming is terrible quality. Very fuzzy Streaming is terrible quality. Very fuzzy! I don't know if it's my internet speed or what, it doesn't really stop to load it, it's just very poor quality.
The beginning of my Harry Potter Adventures! This movie was just the beginning of the Harry Potter sagas. It captivated my interest and I couldn't wait for the next movie. It was true to the book!!
i love the fast service and high quality This was the only DVD that was missing from my sister's collection. She was very surprised when she received it. i love the fast service and high quality!
One Star The "buy it now" streaming quality was very poor. Very disappointing!
Great movie Love the books, love the movies. Great story about courage and friendship. And It was easy to rent on Amazon...and cheaper than renting through Mediacom.
YES I do LOVE it. I HAVE read all of HARRY Potter books,( each book I read three times) AND also LOTS times I watch one of Harry Potters movies. YES I do LOVE it.
Great movie! Great movie that my daughter loves to watch constantly!!! My daughter has read the whole series and the movies have made the books come alive even more.
Simply Magical ! What can one say about one of the biggest BlockBuster of 2001 ? Let me tell you this......... Spellbound, simply Magical, and always refreshing.
Cute talented kids... good story... good special effects This movie had me saying awww... these kids are cute and talented. The story is good and the visuals really brings the story and the HP world to life.
Great Movies All of the Harry Potter movies are great and I have the whole set, I didn't think Harry Potter was going to be good, but after first movie I was hooked
Good movie, keeps the kids occupied! This was an addition to my Bluray collection, and a great movie. The price I was able to get it at made it even better! I highly recommend this movie!
Ok I think that the movie was good but they missed out on tons of cool stuff! They missed lots of good Fred and George jokes. I loved the show though!
Magical I mean it's Harry Potter... Who doesn't love a Harry Potter flick. It's funny to watch the first films in the series and see how young the actors look.
Love Harry Potter books and the entertaining way these audiobooks ... Love Harry Potter books and the entertaining way these audiobooks are read is creating a whole new generation of fans in my 8 and 9 year old daughters.
nice movie i have watched this several times and enjoyed every bit of it. so nice to the all the harry potter stars so young when they started their film careers.
We couldn't really enjoy the movie as it kept stopping This movie was received on time but when we played the movie it skipped and stopped frequently! We couldn't really enjoy the movie as it kept stopping.
Great way to bring the characters to life! Our family has been reading the series, and this was a great introduction to the characters! If you like/love the books, you won't go wrong with these!
Great movie! Loved watching this with my 9-year old who read the book. I cannot wait to see the other movies with her as she progresses through reading the series.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Prime video library purchase Absolutely wonderful. ....truly captivating! The first of 8 wonderful films. It could be my favorite of all Potter films based on it being the first.
Great movie, never had any interest in watching them ... Great movie, never had any interest in watching them when they first come out, my girls were young and we never watched them but it was a great movie.
Excellent film Wonderful on all accounts. Acting, storyline, cinematography, creativity, suspense, all quite excellent, like the other films in the series. LOVED it.
Good movie This was a very good movie. The kids loved that it was very much like the books. I would recommend it to anyone who would like to watch a funny movie.
Addicting Series First one...can't wait to see the rest! Can't put the books down... Brilliant author, really addictive reading, talented and entertaining!!!
GREAT! It came on time and I'm collecting all of them so I just loved it! the case was really well protected and the disc was in perfect conditions as well!
Awesome Well, it's the first Harry Potter, ever. So of course it's awesome. Key and essential for if you are starting the series and have not read the books.
I very much enjoyed this one and am looking forward to seeing the ... I'm finally watching movies on Prime now that I have the Fire Stick. I very much enjoyed this one and am looking forward to seeing the rest of them.
A Wonderful Adaption From the Novel The movie Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone was a wonderful movie for all ages. The director was able to make this movie a big hit while still remaining faithful to the author's vision.The cast in the movie did a very good jog of acting. This movie is definatly a movie for all ages! Honestly, at first when I heard about the Harry Potter book, I wasn't really interested in reading, thinking it was a book for kids. Once I saw the trailer for the movie, I knew it was a movie I had to see! After seeing the movie I got hooked on the books, and now it is up on my shelf of favorite books! This movie is not one that you will be bored of easily, it has it's shares of surprising turns. So if you haven't seen the movie, I highly recommend you to buy the DVD,one that will become many people's favorite movie's of all time.
Love it. I let my kids read the book and then let them watch the movie. They loved it. It was close to the book and it got them interested in the next book.
Very good and true to the story I read the books years ago, but never saw the movies. My daughter just finished the book so I watched it with her. Very good and true to the story.
Great Film Enjoyed it very much! Beautifully filmed, loved the characters and acting. So true to the book, I am looking forward to watching it again some day!
Made a believer out of me Before Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone came out on video/DVD I could not stand the sight or sound of Harry Potter. To be honest I could not stand the name. So when it came out on video/DVD I rented it to see what the hype was all about. Now four months later I own the movie (which I bought the same day I rented it). I have sence bought all four books and read each twice and am on the third time reading them. I cant wait for book five to come out and for the next movie. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is an awesome movie. It is just like the book it keeps you going till the very end. The movie however, just brings it to life even more. The entire cast is totally aweosme and the special affects are awesome to. This is a MUST OWN MOVIE!!! I highly recomend it to anyone with an imagination.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I was hooked on the books the first time I picked one up about 2 years ago. I think I looked foreward to the movie coming out at least as much, if not more, than my children. I was not disappointed. I have listened to "experts" talk about how disappointing it was to have the movie follow the book. I watched the movie hoping and expecting it to follow the book. The book was the reason I wanted to see the movie. The direction and the acting was wonderful. Everyone did what I went to see the move for--they brought the book to life. I am sorry that some people couldn't accept the movie for what it was - a vastly entertaining, exciting, and magical 2 1/2 hours. I can't wait for it to come out on video, and am certainly looking foreward to The Chamber of Secrets coming out. (As well as the 5th book!)
Doesn't match the book but still up there. The scorcerers stone has been stolen! that's what the book said and that's what this movie said. I really didn't actually enjoy this movie but it was still quite entertaining. It is a fantasy about a boy wizard who goes to school to learn magic. Based on Rowlings bestselling books Harry potter's first adventure reaches sky high. When I had read the book but hadn't seen the movie I didn't know how Warner bothers were going to create an actual Quiddich match but they still did it with prestige effort. the movie had no romanical aspects and the comedy was escruciatingly dry. I think Warner bros. should have put even more effort into the acting in the movie but the special effects were pleasing. Luxembugh ratings believes this movie deserves three stars for the poor acting but all other flaws are miniscule.
Fun to watch again....! Family film for all, thanks JK! Makes you want to watch the whole series and relive Harry's adventures.. Good social commentary on discrimination.
Not satisfied with purchase Bad quality image, I'd rather pay a little more for a better quality. I didn't even finish watching it. Hopefully some kind of improvement happens
we all enjoyed watching this movie. My family and I have enjoyed watching Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone over and over again! We plan on watching all the Harry Potter movies.
Positive Kept my interest. Animation was good and the actors believable. Maggie Smith great as always. Didn't like paying for it since I'm a prime member.
Not bad for a kids book Suprised how closely the movie follows the book. Quite enjoyed it. Watched each movie again after reading each book. Would definately recommend
Classic This is the happiest of the Potter films, and the child-actors are really good. This is a great gift to start someone's addiction to Harry Potter.
Awesomeness It was amazing!! This was the 1st Amazon movie I have ever boughten and it was worth every penny! One of my favorite Harry Potter movies! BUY IT!!
Great I couldn't find this movie anywhere else for the price that I paid for it. Came brand new and worked perfectly. I was really happy with the movie.
yes the shipment came in expected time and was in great shape when it got here there was no scratches on the used dvd and is in great shape thank you.
excellent directing. This movie was VERY well-made (which is easier when the book is so well-written!). Superb casting and acting, excellent directing ... just GREAT.
Wonderful alternative to the violent movies! My 11 year old grandson and I watched together. He really "got into" the movie. So much that he wanted to watch the next one right away..
Completing my collection Good price, speedy delivery. Trying to complete the series so I can watch them in order and perhaps understand them as well as my grandson does.
Like New The movies were in great condition and played without a glitch. I'm just glad I have this movie. I've watched so many times since I've gotten it.
Surprisingly Good I didn't think I would like the Harry Potter series at all, but they have all pleasantly surprised me so far (to date, I've seen the first four)!
Love the Harry Potter series Love the Harry Potter series, and I love the fact that I didn't have to buy the DVD's. I don't have to worry about scratches or replace the dvd.
Still a Joy to Watch I know the later Harry Potter movies are much deeper and have stronger story lines. But this one is my favorite Why? Because it has the wonder
Come On Who doesn't like Harry Potter. The books are more detailed but the movies are wonderful. They do a great job bringing most of the book to life
great show So I am one of the few people who hadn't seen Harry Potter... great show... saw all of them in 3 day period starting with this one... I loved it
What a great seller! My item arrived faster than I expected, and it was also in great condition! I am very satisfied and I would recommend this seller to everyone!
Excellent casting The movie.could not possibly include all the book details.However, the main elements were very well done - and the special effects outstanding.
Great DVD We upgraded our VHS to the DVD version and received it quickly. Would recommend this product to others. My daughters are big Harry Potter fans.
good movie looking forward to the next in the series Watched this with my 12 year old daughter who is a huge fan and has watched it many times. Very good I will watch the next in the series soon!
Great movie, bad streaming The movie is great but the streaming service is not nearly as good as Netflix. Next time I cannot find a movie in Netflix I will find a redbox.
Love this movie! Love this movie! The kids hadn't seen it in years! Even though they have seen all the HP movies and read the books, the magic was still there!
Not the best Potter film in the Series, but a great start Enjoyable film version of the book that started it all. The kids have great chemistry with each other and the adult British cast is top notch.
Excellent This product will not disappoint the buyer - everything you hope for on the DVD. I recommend it to everyone who loves the Harry Potter story
Harry Potter and the Sorcerecer's Stone. The WHOLE family sat and watched it. IT was an awesome movie! The movie still did the book justice!GLAD WE OWN IT! especially my 11 year old!
Good movie My son is 8 and we are starting these movies with him. We are going to universal studios next summer so he will love Harry potter area there!
It was ok and fun to watch but I saw so many parodies of ... It was ok and fun to watch but I saw so many parodies of older shows which was just mildly disappointing. I thought it was well done though.
Good Movie, Terrible DVD First off, please note that this is a review of the DVD itself; not the movie. The movie is good, and might as well have been a few bucks cheaper and sold as one disk. Why? Because the second disk was apparently designed by some sadistic idiot. The box promises seven deleted scenes, something everyone that buys a DVD wants to see. Trouble is, you can't just click on a "Deleted Scenes" menu; you have to play some silly game! Rather like playing Myst or some puzzle game, and only when you're done do you get to see the deleted scenes. I didn't even bother to finish trying; I just put the 2nd disk back in the box, and there it will stay until I tire of this DVD and sell it. All in all, a staggeringly poor way to format bonus features; shame on WB for doing this.
I have always loved this movie I have always loved this movie. Harry Potter is fantastic. If you cant appreciate the greatness of this film then just stop watching movies.
I LOVE HARRY POTTER I have not read any of the Harry Potter books, but all eight movies are VERY good! I suggest watching them. This played well on my laptop.
Harry! I love Harry Potter, and the digital version means I don't have to mess with DVDs anymore. I can watch the digital version whenever I want.
Harry Potter What needs to be said about the Harry Potter series. I bought this on Blu-ray for my grandkids for Christmas. I am sure they will love it.
Loved watching Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone The HD quality is a must ! Loved watching Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone. Brought me back to my childhood. Thrilling and adventurous !
My favorite of the HP movies This was the first and best in the series. The acting is wonderful. The story is genuine. And the special effects do not overtake the story.
Harry Potter - Just Read the Book One day, I was home sick and I was perusing my bookshelf for something to read when I ran across this book. As a side note, the book made it to our shelf because a friend is a teacher and was reading it to her sixth grade class. The book was a very fast read and was good enough to make you imagine the characters as being very real. The movie did a great job portraying the book and followed the plot almost to the letter. The characters were quite real but the effects were just blah. The movie could use a little spicing up.
Great Movie! The kids really enjoyed this movie. The kids ages range from 7 to 11. We are looking into the second one because they all want to see it!
Fantastic! Harry Potter books were my favorites and the movies really follow the stories which is unusual. I am so happy to have purchased this movie.
Harry Potter Great movie. Very entertaining. Would highly recommend it. But it might be scary for young children. It had enough suspense for my 10 year.
Perfect! Another great edition to anyone's DVD library. Tons of extras, documentaries, character cards and booklets make this a worthwhile purchase!
fun It is nice to see how this series started. The series got so dark, losing the mystical and the surprise that made this movie so enjoyable.
Great!!! This movie is awesome. I did notice a few parts od the book that was left out but for tge most part it stayed true to the book. Love it!!!!
Still a great movie and it was nice to revisit the beginning ... We watched this movie before visiting the Universal Studios park, Still a great movie and it was nice to revisit the beginning of the story
Best movie ever My five-year-old says "I love this movie, it's the best movie I ever watched!" He is so excited for watching the next movie in the series.
Great! Waited till I had kids old enough to watch/understand this movie before I watched it myself. Can't wait to get into the rest of the series!
Harry Potter and The Philosopher's Stone The DVD was phenomenal. I had no idea that this movie was made in two different versions until I found it on this website. Great stuff!!!
Harry Potter, when is the fame going to end? That answer may be difficult to answer. All material things have a end, and for Harry Potter I do not see it's end any time soon. I am deeply awaiting the arrival of this DVD because I am a great fan and have been waiting forever to enjoy this movie. It kept faithfull to J.K. Rowling and for that I rate it 5 stars. The production might not have been very good to everyone's eyes, but I held it accounted because the movie was faithfull to the book, if it was made into a 'Hollywood Version' perhaps the production would have been better, but fans everywhere including myself would have left disappointed. So over all I think that the movie was great, gave fans a in depth look at the Magival World of Harry Potter for the many years that we have been dreaming about.
HARRY POTTER.....AMAZING this movie is so cool! If you haven't seen this movie or read the books you should. It is based on the first of the Harry Potter books about a young boy born to wizard parents who were killed when Harry was just a baby and is forced to live with his evil cousins. Then he gets invited to Hogwarts where he faces many challenges and dangers as the evil Lord Voldemort attempts to kill him several times. Harry is willing to risk his life to have fun with his friends and be a normal kid. The acting is this movie is amazing. Daniel Radcliffe sure did an awesome job playing Harry. The movie is over 2 hours and 30 minutes, but easily could have been over 10 hours long if everything in the book was included.. Go out and buy this movie if you are a Harry Potter fan!
The classic that started it all Stocking up on the classics!! Cool weather coming - time to curl up and start knitting with a good movie!! (After house work, of course!!)
Good start Great movie!!! Even after the 10th time. Too scary for my 11 year old. But that's just who he is, my 9 year old wants to see the next one.
H.P. fan! Always loved watching Harry Potter, and seeing the extended version was pretty cool. I loved seeing extra scenes that didn't make the cut,
Makes me feel like I'm home and safe I fall asleep to this movie every night. Makes me feel like I'm home and safe. Very true to the book - my favorite movie of the franchise.
Amazing!!!!!!!!!! best movie series and book series ever!!!!! This is just the beginning of the most amazing movie series and book series in the whole world
Brill Yep. 5 stars. I know, it's rare, but come on ... it's Harry Potter. The FIRST one ever! The only thing better than this movie is the book!
Freaking awesome Nuff' said. I've watched this movie at least ten times since I first bought it. Buy it, Live It~
Wonderful movie! We watched this with our 7 year old grandson. He was riveted to the tv from start to finish and is still talking about Harry and his owl.
DVD Delivered DVD has been delivered and is in great condition. Thank you very much. I have been wanting the widescreen edition of this for 10 years.
Amazing Great movie must watch best ever need to watch best ever love life worst HP movie but that's like saying you have too much money to spend
HP ALL THE WAY! This movie was awesome!The Quidditch match looked real and i loved when Harry put his wand up the trolls nose. "EWWWW! TROLL BOGIES!" lol
Awesome gift! Arrived quickly! product was as described. I know my husband will love this for Christmas and I was glad to get it at such a great price.
Wonderful as always I really loved watching this with my son who is new to the world of Harry Potter. It's a wonderful story that is now a "classic".
Where it all started... One of our all time favorites. Could watch it again and again! Love to go back and remember when harry, hermonie and ron were so young.
cool! My kid loved it! Will rent again and the whole series. My kid really enjoys these movies. I have amazon prime, so I watch through my tv!
Absolutely love Harry Potter Absolutely love Harry Potter. I've read the books multiple times and decided to buy this movie for our collection. We had rented before.
My daughter's review I'm 9 and I love this book a lot. Because it has a lot of magic in it. And I think that you should buy this book if you like magic too!
Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone Very very good kids film. Imaginative and fun. Could not find the seven deleted scenes that were advertised on the back of the package?
To Vanessa from New York and anyone else that hated this mov You (and a few others) hate this movie. Thats fine. But if you hate this movie why do you have to write a review that is so long that everyone falls asleep reading it? Just tell us you hate it. We don't care why. And fyi Ron Weasley has red hair in the movie because he did in the BOOK. Don't insult him and say he's high or gonna come out of a cereal box. Grow up. I like to see you or anyone else do a better job. Most of the actors are just kids. Quit being jealous cause they have a ton more money than you.
awesomewatch. This is the movie that started it all ( lol, the book started it all ), awesome watch.. the starting point of your future Potter fandom
Harry good Great movie, great acting, love the whole series. now more seeing my daughter watching them is priceless she like all the magic tricks.
Great movie for the whole family.. 10+ years later, and almost as many sequels, this movie was still great! I'm happy there are so many made... Lots of HP in our future!
Read the books, see the movie, read the books again... Before seeing this moving in the theatre, I read the first two books in the series. I absolutely loved the books and the movie! When you read the books you get these pictures in your head of how the characters look, how they act and how the scenes appear. That's why the movie was so amazing! All of the things I pictured in my head were just that in the movie! Some may think that after seeing a movie, there is just no interest in reading the books. Well, I'm almost finished with the third book (Prisoner of Azkaban) and want to go back and read the first two again! I can't wait for the DVD to come out so I can watch the movie over and over too! Rowling is a gifted author who pulls our imaginations into a world of wonder and amazement!
A Bit Too Simple. The first time I saw "HARRY POTTER" I liked it, the effects were great, the acting I guess was O.K., the score was great too, but what bothered me was that it seemed to be a more childish and simpler than the original book. The original book could be likable for all agaes(supposedly), but the movie can't. One disapointment in the movie was that the scary parts were scarier written down in the book than to be actually seen in the movie. And anyone over 12 years old wouldn't likely be caught laughing at the "supposed to be funny" scenes. Even though the special features should be interesting, I would reccomend renting it first befor you run off to your nearest movie store and buying it and not know what your getting.
great movie this movie a great action of the book. some of the actors and actresses could have been better picked but otherwise it was done great
great movie this movie a great action of the book. some of the actors and actresses could have been better picked but otherwise it was done great
Based on the book. This classic film was based on the book. It will keep your attention from start to finish. It is magical and wondrous for young minds.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Full Screen Edition) (Harry... Excellent movie and a enjoy the whole series of the movies. When nothing else is on or better to watch, we just watch this. Classic.
True to the Book Great film! It really brings the book to life, which is not often the case with most books that are made into movies. My son loved it!
love harry potter i just love these! came brand new nothing wrong with it no scratches no nothing. plus its the first harry potter movie! come on nowwww
Love love love Harry Potter Love love love Harry Potter! Timeless story for the entire family to love that teaches bravery, loyalty, and friendship. A MUST WATCH!
only took me years of convincing but finally i got ... only took me years of convincing but finally i got my children to watch this movie....they were glues to the screen (ages 4,8.11years)
Love it! Great movie, great price & fast shipping! I still had this movie on vhs, so I just needed to get the dvd version for my collection. :)
Really appreciated "seeing" the story in its entirety Great Story and wonderful cinematography Binge watch the entire saga. Really appreciated "seeing" the story in its entirety Great Story and wonderful cinematography
Love these movies Love them with my daughter, watching them again with my Grandson was just as much fun! Can't wait to to watch the rest of the series!
fun movie! The movie stays pretty true to the book. It skips a few sections which are unimportant to the main story. The actors are really good.
I love this movie I love this movie, so it gets 5 stars. But I'm not sure what the difference between the extended version and non extended version is.
The Book is Better than the Movie It's a great movie for fans, even though it leaves out some important stuff from the book. I would go buy it right now if i were you.
Potterific I watched them all sequentially and I love the progression of the characters and stories even more than when they were first released
This was a great additional Christmas present for my grand daughter who is ... This was a great additional Christmas present for my grand daughter who is a fanatic on Harry Potter. Thanks for the prompt service.
Daniel's just way too cute here and that's the only basis we need to have. I think no other Harry Potter movie can ever top this one. Daniel's just way too cute here and that's the only basis we need to have.
Love! I lvoe Harry Potter and this is exactly what i wanted I can't find these anywhere so when i was able to get it on here i had to!
One of the best adaptations of a novel I have ever seen One of the best adaptations of a novel I have ever seen. The filmmakers really brought to life the magical story that is Harry Potter
HArry Potter the movie- a childs point of view As a 12 year old girl I am one out of millons of big fans of the harry potter series. When the movie came out alot of children didn't want to see it, i was not one of them! I jumped at the chance to see my favorite book come to life on screen. i thought that this was an amazing chance. And I was right. This movie is great. It gives you a different point of veiw on how the characters look and it also gets parents to understand what their kids go gaga on all the time. I am glad to say that my dad has finally seen it and i was the one who took him. It was the fifth time for me. I advise people to get it because it is agreat movie for the family and because this is coming from one of the biggest fans that you will ever meet.
LOVE THEM ALL HAVE ALL OF THE MOVIES ON REGULAR DVD, HD DVD AND BLU RAY. ALSO HAVE ALL THE BOOKS. MY WHOLE FAMILY HAS ENJOYED THESE OVER AND OVER.
Of course, the very best What better can you say than it's the best. Great story, great cinematography. Try it - you AND the kids will absolutely love it!
Great movie! My two older boys loved it Great movie! My two older boys loved it. My youngest at 6 was a little frightened. Maybe next time we'll watch it during the day.
A great movie for grandparents and grand children to share Starting to show our grand-daughter the Harry Potter series.Both our 4 year old grand-daughter and grandparents enjoyed this movie!
It's the movie that started it all This was the original that started the Harry Potter movies. Amazing visual effects and storyline. Grabbed it for a great price too.
Great movie! A little on the expensive side especially ... Great movie! A little on the expensive side especially for just a digital copy but the quality was amazing and I have no regrets :D
Great movie. First time by little ones have seen ... Great movie. First time by little ones have seen it. They loved it! Used the wii and I was disappointed it would not work in HD :(
&amp;quot;A rather BIG surprise&amp;quot; When Harry Potter came to the big screen, I did NOT go to see it. I was of firm standing that it was kidd stuff. Then, a few weeks ago, the people on abc2 news had it on as a &amp;quot;movie event&amp;quot;. I figured since it was free, why not watch it? Needless to say, I was realllyyy surprised. I sat, spellbound through ALL commercial breaks, so I would'ent miss any of the story. I've never read a single book in the series, so I can say with out them, this movie still can stand on it's own. P.S. John Williams' score is amazeing!!!! P.S.S. Still, I will say that &amp;quot;The Lord of the Rings&amp;quot; are much better movies, and if you LIKE Harry Potter, You'll LOVE them.
Good flick. Good family entertainment, safe for kids of all ages. You don't need to be a Harry Potter fan to enjoy or appreciate this movie.
It's Harry Potter Like all of the Harry Potter series this is of course great. I love the simple complexity of the story. Harry is a hero as always.
Loved it, the best Harry Potter movie of the series. Absolutely my favorite movie. I love the books and was so happy they kept to the storyline. Loved how the cast all came together.
Not bad. Unique, interesting story. I understand the hype now but I wouldn't give anything more than 3 stars. I've seen much better movies.
The movie was a lot of fun to watch with the kids The movie was a lot of fun to watch with the kids. Watching the series will be something we'll look forward to as a family event.
