Better than I expected Being the sort of person who is strongly allergic to hype, I've stayed well clear of the whole 'Harry Potter' phenomenon up til now. Great, another overwrought kids book full of silly names, and bratty child heroes. But, when my roomie came home with the DVD, my curiosity got the best of me and in the dark of night I smuggled the disk up to my room and into my player. And was instantly hooked! On it's own, I found the film to have just the right mix of humor, warmth, and yes...magic. The heroes aren't bratty at all, but loveable, with just the right touch of vulnerability to make you care for them. Even the female lead, who all too often in these sorts of films is either bratty, or in need of rescuing every five minutes, manages to hold her own with the boys. The special effects are fine, and the cast of seasoned actors seems to be quite enjoying themselves. The script is quite charming, with all the great touches of british wit that make their fantasy stories seem so charming. I haven't had this much fun since my younger days of watching Doctor Who. Add to that the youthful enthusiasm of Speilburgs early films and you have quite the winning combination. Like most everyone else though, I have to take one star off for the DVD itself. I certainly have no problem with a disk full of games and the like to keep the kids entertained, but I had hoped that there'd be a bit more meat on the disk for us serious movie fans. More deleted scenes, a proper commentary, that sort of thing. I can only hope that at some point, WB will grace us with a Special Edition set for us older viewers. I'm not sure I'm ready to join the long line of rugrats haunting the Waldenbooks to buy the books. But for the $... HP is a real bargain, and a must-have title for the fantasy lover, or those who just want to feel like a kid again.
IT WAS OK- NO SPOILERS... Harry potter and the sorcerers stone is the beginning of a wild adventure a boy named harry takes along with his friends, Hermione and Ron. They are all wizards who attend Hogwarts , the best witchcraft and wizardry school there is. I don't like when people give spoilers in their reviews because I think it is rude so I'm going to stop here to avoid revealing anything. But I did not like the movie as much as the book. The book was amazing. It made the characters more likeable and gave information that you needed to know to understand the actual plot. But the movie left out a LOT! I recommend this movie but only once you read the book.
Great I had a little bit of a delay but I had it at last. I don't usually collect live action films as a part of my collection of French and Italian DVDS but I liked Harry Potter (Years 1-3) so I thought I'd get that.
Excellent This is a great book! I can see why the kids all liked it so much. Great story, you can identify with the characters, it is well written and I am looking forward to the others I have a lot of good reading ahead of me.
And the saga begins I'll admit I was late to join the Harry Potter parade. I am sorry I waited. It is enjoyable and is true to the book. The cast a perfect fit, almost as if Ms. Rowlings had the actors in mind when writing the book. Enjoy the magic
Always great to see it again I've seen this movie many times and I always enjoy it. My daughter just read the book and wanted to watch the movie. We had fun and she was making comments all the time of the differences from what she read to what the movie was showing.
Almost perfect. True to the book. We read the book with the kids and then watched the movie. This movie is not so dark like the later movies. Lots of good humor. I just wish some of the scarier parts were toned down a little more for kids.
Enjoy the movie, FORGET trying to find the extras!!!! The movie version of this much loved book series if very pleasing and full of good actors and fun characters. If you loved reading "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", you'll love this movie. I think Daniel Radcliffe is charming as the loveable Harry and Emma Watson is perfect as Hermione. That being said, I have to say that the second disc of this 2 dvd set is a nightmare. Whoever thought that fans would love being tortured with extremely vague directions and almost non existent clues to finding the deleted scenes, etc., should be fired. I hope Warner Brothers will think over their concept for the dvd for the second movie. My roommates and I have tried to find all the supposed options and haven't yet been able to decipher any clues. A friend rented the VHS version and it had two of the deleted scenes. We were hoping all the deleted scenes would be on the VHS but even it is a disappointment. One would think that Warner Brothers would have rewarded the fans of this phenomenonally popular series with a dvd that would be fun and easy---especially since kids are gonna be wanting this dvd. If adults can't figure out the annoyingly hidden clues, I doubt very serious if young Harry Potter fans will be able to either. Buy the dvd for the movie, which as I have said before, is fun and charming. But if you are looking for all the extras, be prepared to be extremely frustrated. I would love to have given the dvd 5 stars---as far as I'm concerned, the movie is 5 stars. However, given the jumbled mess of the second dvd, I'm only giving it 3 stars. Note to Warner Bros.---get your act together and give us a better dvd next time!
Great, classic Great, classic. Saw this when it first came out and just watched it again with my 8 year old daughter after finishing the first book. She was riveted throughout and we had some good discussions about when people make movies out of books.
Good, with reservations Clever actors, nice visually, and good timing: this film would be worth five stars were it not for a couple of really worrying ideological problems. The first is something that is found in the books, and which the filmmakers have translated all too faithfully onto the screen - namely, any objectionable character is always portrayed as physically repulsive: Harry's adopted father and brother are overweight, Snape is dark-eyed and greasy-haired, professor Quirrel stutters and has long nails (!) and even the otherwise kind giant Hagrid is demonstrated to be dangerously feckless. The arch-villain Voldemort is so deformed as to be barely human. In other words, there is an underlying body-fascism in this film that kids really don't need. More gravely, the narrative is a classical good-versus-bad story in which anything that Harry does is per definition good, and anything a bad character does is per definition bad. The most glaring example: when Harry is about to embark on his first Quidditch match, he admits to being scared, and is assured that that is all right. Not very long afterwards, Harry himself teases Malfoy for being scared! There is a double standard in this film which is frankly hypocritical and encourages children to think in simplistic terms. Wouldn't it be nice if someone could actually produce entertainment for children that was deliberately thought-provoking?
If the book captured your imagination, the movie is a visual feast! Since finishing Book 7, I have been re-reading Books 1-6, and also watching the movies in the order they were released. Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone is a feast for the eyes, it is beautifully filmed, the special effects are fantastic, and the cast is excellent. The story centers around young Harry Potter who discovers his destiny as a great wizard and goes off to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry Potter is played by the brilliant young actor Daniel Radcliffe who seems perfect for the role, not just in looks, but also in his gestures and mannerisms. His best friends Ron Weasley [Rupert Grint], and Hermione Granger [Emma Watson] are perfectly cast as well, and together, these three young actors make the story of Harry Potter's exploits come alive. The rest of the supporting cast is excellent as well - Richard Harris's Dumbledore reminds me of Gandalf the Grey, he is dignified, and full of wisdom. Maggie Smith delights as the strict Professor Minerva McGonagall, and Alan Rickman truly breathes life into the character of sly, cunning Professor Snape who seems to have a secret agenda of his own. Robbie Coltrane's gentle giant Hagrid is amazing as well. The costumes exceed expectations - truly what one might expect of characters playing wiches and wizards, and the creatures such as the centaurs, dragon etc are fun to watch, as are the special effects. This is a great movie for both kids and adults - a great beginning to the series and truly outstanding in its storytelling skills. The others in the series are amazing in their own right and merit multiple viewings as well.
My Favorite Harry Potter movie Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was, in my opinion better than the chamber of secrets. I saw the chamber of secrets in the theater but it didn't seem like it was very good and I hope that if they make a movie for all of the books, they will all be worth watching. I'm pretty sure most of yyou reading my review will already know the story but I'll mention it anyway. The story is about a boy named Harry Potter[Daniel Radcliffe] who lives with his evil step-parents, the Dursleys. Untill, one day he gets a letter inviting him to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry since he is a wizard even though he doesn't know it. The whole story talks about how he finds out about the Sorcerer's stone which is a stone that can make anyone immortal. I thought that the movie was good except some parts weren't in the movie that were in the book, but there were very few. This is not one of the best movies in the world but it is still funto watch at times. I thought that all of the books were good but my only complaint was that sometimes the plot got a little confusing. The only person I recognize from the making of this movie was Chris Columbus. He was the directer of Home Alone which is also a good movie. The special features include: never before-seen footage, self guided tour of Hogwarts, theatrical trailer and you can perform certain activities. I tried a few of these features but I think they're more for kids. If you are a fan of Harry Potter then you should see this movie. I also think that the chamber of secrets is also worth a try.
Fun Fantasy! This is a thoroughly entertaining fantasy, fun for children of all ages. The movie's release worked out well for me because I had just finished reading J. K. Rowley's book at a friend's insistence. Wisely, the movie takes us quickly through the early material of the book. Any more coverage of Harry's life with his Muggle relatives would have been tedious. Instead the film gets quickly to the good stuff after laying only the necessary foundation. Harry, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Hermione, and the students and teachers at Hogwarts are all perfectly cast. Emma Watson's "Hermione" is a delight in every seen. Each member of the all-star cast is so well costumed and in character that he or she does not distract from the storytelling. It took me a while to recognize John Cleese and Richard Harris. The first view of Hogwarts, the school for budding witches and wizards, is visually stunning. The special effects are so linked into the storyline that one tends to stop taking notice of just how remarkable they are. If there is a shortcoming to the movie, it is that it attempts to achieve two purposes in a relatively short space of time--it must introduce us to these characters in their very unfamiliar world and it must tell the tale of the sorcerer's stone. This ambitious undertaking keeps things moving pretty quickly, and require plot resolution a bit more quickly than one might like. Nonetheless, this movie leaves you anxiously awaiting the sequel. The DVD provides lots of interesting ancillary materials and curiosities.
Good can win over evil - but only with your help! Sometimes a good book is made into a great movie (Wizard of Oz), and sometimes a great book is made into a good movie (Black Stallion)- this was a great book made into a great movie. There is nothing significant added to the movie as it is very true to the book, but there is an amazing reproduction of what most of us would have thought was our individual vision of Rowling's world. I was thrilled with the movie in the theater, I was just as enthralled with this DVD at home. For those of you who haven't read the book - watching the DVD will give you an excellent feel for the world within Rowlings magical books. Owning this DVD will allow you to revisit the original story, or allow a younger child to `catch up' to the series. Rowling's world is a world of Light and Darkness, good verse evil, magic and bravery and plenty of adventure. The lessons taught are lessons in surviving hard times, making the right choice (not the easy choice), putting the wellbeing of others before your own, and standing up for what you believe in. As a Christian I have great difficulty believing that letting children turn their imaginations lose into this magical fantasy will somehow take them to the dark side. I grew up reading about Casper the friendly ghost and his friend Wendy the witch, and I have yet to practice any kind of black magic or voodoo - but it did help to develop a lifetime love for reading. Adding this movie to your home collection will be a good investment. It's the perfect movie for rainy Saturday nights, popcorn and family.
Good movie I bought this because I know digital is the future and I'm tired of storing DVD's. I'm also tired of people 'borrowing' them and they come back damaged causing me to buy new ones. I don't like the fact that I can't get the last two and keep them on Amazon. Something about them not being available after 12-29-11. The movie studio is creating artificial scarcity which will cause people to stop watching them or pirate them. I stopped consuming anything Disney for this reason.
Good Movie, Weak DVD. It's a little embarassing admitting you like a kids movie or book but there should be no shame in watching the Sorcerer's Stone... or reading it for that matter. The movie follows the book suprisingly well, although I believe if I had not read the book first some of the mystery of the movie would have just been confusion. All of the kids in the movie work well together. The acting isn't Oscar material, of course, but for a fun family movie it works. Since the young actors did do so well together I would have liked to seen the deleted scenes added into the movie. The special effects are believable and makes the Quidditch scene great. It does run pretty long for a movie aimed at younger viewers but being an older, more patient viewer, I wouldn't of minded if it made a whole 3 hours. As for the DVD, they could have done a little better. I found it was geared more toward children. You have to go through hoops just to see the 7 deleted scenes. The Interview with the director and others that helped make the movie is about the only redeamable part of the second disc. Maybe I'm too old now to appreciate it but, some of the features on second disc seem a little lame even for kids to enjoy. I would have been pleased with one disc featuring a commentary and one decent documentary although it probably wouldn't play as well to kids. All in all this is a good movie and the second DVD shouldn't ruin your enjoyment of the movie. It is a fun movie that both children and adults can get into...just like the books!
Harry Potter I have enjoyed all of the Harry Potter movies, I love watching them and can do so over and over again, I always find something I missed, it seems funny to some that I am over 60 and still can enjoy this kind of movie, but what can I say, I love them, I hope you will too. Sincerely Janice
The best book-to-movie adaptation I have ever seen! I remeber going to see this movie not too long after it came out in theaters in 2001. I was never one who really got into Harry Potter, I've only read the first two books, but this movie is fantastic. I couldn't believe how well director Chris Columbus (Home Alone) did on making this exactly like the book. Harry Potter is an 11 year old boy. His parents dies young, suppossedly in a car crash, when Harry was only a baby. His only living relatives were his stuck up Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, who had been fueding with Harry's parents for years. Naturally, Harry is treated like crap for his entire time there, always playing second banana to his fat, spoiled cousin Dudley. But one day, Harry gets a letter, the first ever in his life. As he is about to open it, his Uncle snatches it away from him, and his face goes white. He immediately tears it to bits. But, over the next week, Harry would get hundreds more of those letters. So many, that Uncle Vernon flips his lid and moves the family out to an island in a hut in the middle of a deserted lake area. But that night, a giant man shows up and breaks into the house. Everyone terrified, his first words were a friendly "Happy birthday Harry!" It was Hagrid, caretaker at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He tells Harry then, what his Aunt and Uncle had kept from him for so long. He is a wizard. What follows is a fantastic adventure at a British school of magic that the whole family will enjoy. 4.5/5 stars.
but the movie is still good! Give us the idea of how the Diagon ... Isn't Daniel so cute and young? Our family has listened through the audio books of the Harry Potter series. There are details missed out from the movie (the books and audio CDs are so good), but the movie is still good ! Give us the idea of how the Diagon Alley looks like, before we go Universal Studio.
Harry Soars... This is the first in the Harry Potter Movie series...it is also one of the best ones! I was just amazed by the job that this movie is so close to the book (which is excellent!). I realize that you either hear really good reviews of Harry Potter or really bad reviews...there really isn't much of an in-between. I am a Harry Potter lover turned into one from one who wouldn't even touch the books. But before this movie came out I decided to go into the hype and was happy when I saw this movie! Harry is living with his Aunt and Uncle Dursley...and it is now time for Harry to start wizard school so Hogwarts sends Harry letters but Uncle Vernon doesn't want any of it! So he keeps destroying the letters but in the end Hogwarts wins and Hagrid comes and takes Harry with him. When he goes to school he is introduced to Hermione and Ron and they all become best friends. They are also introduced to many of the other characters who will play a role in the movie and book. Harry is always in trouble but rarely causes the trouble. It tends to follow him. He is also fighting to keep away from Lord Voldemort because he is the one who killed his parents. But he can not stay alone for long. Also some of the professors are fishy acting (watch to find out!) and in the end the professor who is after the Sorcerer's Stone is not who you think! This movie is great for young and old and is a movie that will keep you intrigued from beginning until the end!
You're a wizard Harry!! Refusing to get hauled into the Harry Potter mania, but succumbing to the movie when it was shown on HBO, I must say I can definately see why children and adults alike all over the world are going cuckoo over the books. Who won't like waking up one day from your mundane everyday life, or if your life is bad as in Harry's case, to find out that your actually a wizard. And a famous one too! Living a horrid life under his cruel uncle and aunt who forces him to live in the cupboard under the stairs all changed one day when Harry's received a letter inviting him to study at the prestigious Hogwarts school of magic. There the movie takes you to a journey of Harry's magical adventuers with magic, mystical creatures, resident ghosts, pictures that have moving characters, staircases that shift every now an then, dining rooms with candles floating and everything that can boggle your mind and fill you with awe. He even gets to play quidditch, a game played on a broomstick. The movie was lovely, the special effects very convincing indeed, not at all forced or fake looking. The acting of the main characters left a little to be desired however. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson were abit stiff in the first hour or so of the movie and looked like they were just reading of a script page. As the movie progressed on, they got better, but kudos must go to Rupert Grint as I felt he was the most at ease and natural of the three. I would definately recommend watching this one.
Love it! I love these movies. We have all of the dvd's and my older kids read all of the books numerous times. Now my younger one is reading them. This is one of my favorite movies and I never grow tired of watching.
Great adaptation from the book For those who doesn't know (a think there will be very few people) Harry potter tells the story about a boy ,who lives with his uncles and at his 11 birthday, is told that he will become a great wizard just as his parents were. From that point and on, the adventure begins.... We are witness of the magical enviroment harry is living. As he said, he's home. And that home involves 3 head dogs, owls who deliver the post, moving newspaper pictures, a football-kindof game on brooms, and on and on... It contains all the elments from the book! Even most of the dialogs are loyal to the book. This may not be the best movie ever, but for those who enjoys a great movie with a lot of innocence and adventure, without any war , disasters, or any other sad event, this is a must buy. One fact that i find very interesting is that the harry potter book series had brought back the reading habit for a lot of people , especially the youngs. In a world where Playstation and nintendo rules, it's grateful to know that a story so simple and entertain could steal some fans from the tv screen's. That could fight any bad review from any critic.... besides, is a great DVD: the movie has excelent john williams' music, great performances from british actors who portrays the teachers, a lot of features, deleted scenes, a tour to howarts school, etc. One thing is for sure, you won't regret buy this one. Follow the saga and you'll know is worth it.
Harry Potter and the Sorcer's Stone by Amanda Has someone you don't like ever bossed you around? Or has anyone ever tortured you? Have you ever done anything with magic? Well, Harry Potter, the protagonist, has never played a sport while flying on a broomstick. He's never worn a cloak of invisibility, befriended a giant, or helped hatch a dragon. All Harry has known is a miserable life with the Dursley's. Ever since Harry was a baby, he's woken up to Dudley's laughing, and his aunt's fist pounding on his door. Each day Dudley follows Harry around and tortures him. Harry's Aunt and Uncle boss him around, and Harry never plays any sports. He only goes to school, comes home, and gets bossed around some more. At school Harry doesn't even have any friends! In the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, by J. K. Rowling, Harry's life changes suddenly. On Harry's 11th birthday he receives a mysterious letter from an owl messenger. Harry's Uncle Vernon finds the letter and rips it up before Harry can read it. As the week goes by, more letters come, and each time Uncle Vernon rips them up or burns them. On Sunday when no mail is supposed to come letters come flying through the house from everywhere. When Harry gets one, the letter is an invitation to a wonderful place he's never ever dreamed of. There he finds not only friends, aerial sports, and magic around every corner, but a great destiny that's been waiting for him...If Harry can survive the encounter.
Admirable attempt. Internet sensation "Wizard People, Dear Reader" receives a very talented overdub, in an attempt to make a deep, heartfelt tale of a young boy discovering that he has magical abilities, and, somehow, friends. Despite the unbelievable talent of those responsible for the overdubbing, the story loses much of the magic present in the original and, finally, falls flat. An admirable attempt, yet a hopeless task.
One of the Converted I didn't get it. Other than loving the fact that children everywhere were finding the joy of reading thanks to a little boy named Harry, I didn't get what the fuss was all about. Well, my brother bought the Harry Potter DVD, and I was excited to see it, but I had no idea what it would mean to my life. After viewing the movie once, I decided to purchase my own copy so as to get it in widescreen, and have viewed the movie 6 times in total. Also, after viewing the movie, I picked up the first book (and I suggest everyone do so). I read it, bought the second one, read it, bought the third and fourth ones and read them. Harry Potter has quickly dominated my life. The movie adaptation of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is one of the most accurate novel to film adaptions I have ever seen. It is entertaining, beautiful, and very well acted. I especially love the kids in the movie (which is strange for a cynic such as myself). This movie rushed to one of my all-time favorite movie slots. While watching it I flashed back to such all time greats as The Wizard of Oz and Star wars. I felt 6 again, I felt the cynicism melt away. Harry Potter is a movie you should at least try to watch, and if you like it at all, I do suggest the books (all of them). I don't know how they'll do it, but I hope they can make all of the books into movies. Even, or especially since it's my favorite, the 735 page Goblet of Fire.
Very true to the book Saw this when it first came out, but just rewatched with my 6- and 9-year-olds who recently finished the book, and was struck by how faithful the first movie was to the book.The kids were enthralled to see the story they had been reading brought to life. Looking forward to watching the rest of the movies as the 6-year-old finishes each book.
Great adventure! I'd heard the Harry Potter movie series were just like the books, so I decided to read the books one by one, then watch the movie for each. This movie had a few minor things from the book left out, but all in all was followed the book much better then others I've seen. It was adventurous, funny, action packed, and looked great too. I can't wait to continue the adventure one at a time!
Book vs. The Movie, Movie is a Visual Delight but Book is Better The Harry Potter series of books and movies are both an impressive series. To make a series of movies based upon an ensemble cast of kids as they age from childhood through adolescence is an endeavor fraught with peril but taken as a whole resultant movies are a strong set. This movie, the first, and based upon the first book of the freakishly successful series of books, is well put together and sets the style for the entire series of films. As the movie introduces the world of witches and wizards to Harry Potter and to us, the intrepid viewer, there are many visually dynamic scenes. The movie captures the best of the plot of the first book and holds true to the mystery and tension of the book. I will confess that my natural inclination is to prefer the book over the associated movie and that bias nudges me to prefer the book in this case as well. It is a very enjoyable movie and one that can be enjoyed by all but the youngest of kids. But the movie can’t compare to the majesty of this first book of the series. The later books in the series become darker as the world of wizards and witches becomes embroiled in a climactic battle of good vs. evil but the first book defers almost all of these greater themes for a magical tale of a child learning the wonder of an amazing world. The first book of the story is such a delight as it introduces a enchanting world that is a pleasure to explore and learn about. The movie faithfully captures this spirit of wonder but to enjoy that journey to the fullest embrace the book.
Amazon customer service was excellent in helping me quickly resolve the issue I have seen this movie before and it's one of my favorites but thats not why this review is so high. I order the movie to stream it tonight and had technical problems on my end. My laptop wasn't working right and I couldn't watch the movie. Amazon customer service was excellent in helping me quickly resolve the issue! Highly recommend amazon digital service!
A good beginning to the Harry Potter story This is a good beginning to the screen version of the Harry Potter story, which I like so much that I am afraid to re-read the books, as the book and screen versions are different. They did an excellent job of unfolding the story and of creating the scenery. I found deleted scenes deserved to be deleted and were not worth watching but the documentary part with interviews and with explanations was well worth seeing.
I simply enjoy escaping into another world While this series can be dark, I simply enjoy escaping into another world, filled with fantastical creatures and magic. I've read all the books and seen the movies numerous times. Also fun to revisit!
A Good, By the Numbers Adaptation I want to start this review by saying that if you are only familiar with the film versions of "Harry Potter" and have not read the original novels by J.K. Rowling, before you push play on this DVD, pick up a copy of the novel and read it before watching this film, or any film in the series. Yes, I like this movie just fine, but Rowling packs so much into each of her novels, and so little of her rich storytelling actually makes it onscreen, you're missing out on quite a bit if you've skipped the novels. With that said, I'm not sure that I really need to go into the plot of this film? I think that "Harry Potter" and his story have entered the public consciousness in the same way that other films like "Jaws", "Lord of the Rings" and "Star Wars" have. People know the story even if they've never cracked a page or seen a flicker of the films. This first film tackles Harry's first year a Hogwart's School of Wizardry and Witchcraft, we meet Harry's friends and foes, and see Harry adjusting to life as a young wizard. The special F/X are a mixed bag, at points capturing the wonder and feel of real magic, but at other times, the CGI work is pretty poor, and it feels cartoon-y (the troll attack and the centaur Firenze looking especially poor). But the setting, the castle, the Quidditch scenes all look great. If you're a fan of the novel, you'll probably like what they've included in the film. The cast is pitch perfect, in particular Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. His menace just oozes off the screen. I guess what it really comes down to for me, is what is left out of this film. The real character development, the friendship between Ron, Hermione and Harry. In a novel as packed as "The Sorcerer's Stone", I fully understand the film makers dilemma of wondering what to include, but this film feels like they were so concerned with hitting key points from book, that they've forgotten to develop the characters. While the film does capture some of the wonder of Rowling's material, it lacks the heart. I wonder what this movie could've been if someone like Steven Spielberg had been behind the camera?
Pretty decent movie version of a great book While I will always wish for 'more' in the case of a book turned into a movie, in this case I was at least satisfied. The acting was superb (excellent casting), and the story edits were acceptable. The VFX were rather a let down, but understandable. All in all a great family movie.
I Loved the Entire Series I didn't review the Potter movies when I first got them, because they were at the height of their popularity, and I figured everyone already knew as much as they wanted to about them. Having seen the later ones, it's refreshing to go back and see our favorites, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) looking so young and innocent. And downright cute! They are supposed to be 11 years old, and I think they were about that, but they seem so incredibly young. This is also one that has Richard Harris as Dumbledore. I loved him as Dumbledore. Did he do just one movie or two? [Two.] Anyway, the story is very well known by now. Harry was one year old when the evil wizard Voldemort ("He Who Must Not Be Named") killed his parents but failed to kill him, leaving him with a lightening-shaped scar on his forehead instead. Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and the only person You-Know-Who ever feared, decides to place the orphaned Harry with his aunt and her husband, the "worst kind of muggles," the Dursleys. Sure enough, they are indeed pretty impossible people. Their piggish son Dudley is spoiled completely rotten, Uncle Vernon is an ass and heartless toward Harry, and Aunt Petunia has always thought of her witch sister, Harry's mother Lily, as a freak. They never told Harry about his parents, but instead claimed they had been killed in a car accident. But on Harry's 11th birthday, he receives mail addressed to him from Hogwarts which Uncle Vernon destroys before he can read it. Finally, Rubeus Hagrid, keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts, shows up to take Harry to get ready for his first year, and off they go to London, to Diagon Alley. From there, Harry rides the Hogwarts Express, where he meets Ron and Hermione. The plot is complex and detailed, despite it having been simplified considerably from what the book includes. Much of the charm is the setting of Hogwarts itself, an ancient castle with wonderful magical properties, including all sorts of charming special effects. Without going into too much detail, Harry is chosen as the youngest seeker on the Quidditch team (a sport played on broomsticks that slightly resembles basketball, hockey, and several other team sports that chase balls), and of course is brilliant in it. But the movie only includes one game, although there are several in the book. Just as well, I say; I'm not a sports fan. The sorcerer's stone in the title is what traditional alchemy calls the philosopher's stone. It has many magical powers, including the ability to formulate an elixir of life that grants immortality. The story of the stone, how it is guarded at Hogwarts, who is trying to steal it, and what Harry, Ron and Hermione have to do to foil the plot, is the basis of the story I won't spoil for those who have not yet seen it. Since it's perfectly obvious, I don't suppose there's any harm in saying they succeed. There are terrific special effects in this movie, my favorite being a bigger than life wizard chess set. Wizard chess is played just like Muggle chess, except that the pieces are enchanted and smash each other instead of merely capturing. Fortunately, Ron is good at chess, or all would have been lost. He plays a knight, Harry a bishop, and Hermione a rook/castle. When Harry successfully checkmates, the king throws down his sword. I've seen the movie about as often as I've read the book, which is quite a few times each. I used to chafe at the number of elements that were in the book but left out of the movie, or shortened to the point of being barely mentioned. But I have long since accepted that these are two different media, and have different needs. The books are excellent books, and the movies are excellent movies. They don't need to match. I give the whole series five stars.
The first episode. What needs to be said about Harry Potter? Personally this is my favorite of all the episodes! The introduction of Harry and the rest of the cast produces the most wonderful and fantastic view of Harry's life before the deepest and darkest adventures enter in.
Great Family Movie I was flipping channels on cable one day and saw part of this movie. I enjoyed what I saw and decided to buy it on DVD. I found a used copy on Amazon and ordered it. The DVD arrived on time and in excellent condition. Before seeing this movie I didn't think I'd be interested in it but it hooked me right away and it ended up being a movie I watched several times and bought the movies in this series that followed. It's original, fun and entertaining.
Great movie If you don't enjoy a bit of a fairy story, than you have issues more than I nor anyone else could help you with. What the world does not need is yet another positive review of these fantastic movies.
EXCELLENT! The film brings to the screen the story of (the very well known by now) Harry Potter, a boy, who discovers that he has significant magic powers. If that wasn't enough, he soon realizes that there might be more to his existence than he would ever have thought possible... Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a highly entertaining, action-packed adventure with strong elements of fantasy, not to mention some very witty humor. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Tom Felton, Alan Rickman, and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are exceptional to say the least! All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, the movie is without a doubt one that can be watched over and over again. The concept, the setting, the special effects, and the music, are all EXCELLENT! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is guaranteed to provide for an evening's entertainment. In addition, it is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it's over. In short, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!
A Cheery, if Inconsequential, Foray That Merely Scratches the Surface of Harry's World Undoubtedly targeted at a very young audience, there's a certain degree of magic dancing around this picture that makes it easily-accessible to adults as well. Although my own childhood was long gone by the time this hit theaters, watching it today was like leaping back through time to an age filled with innocence and wonder. That effect does occasionally get lathered on a bit thick, but a speedy pace and densely populated realm are usually enough to compensate for such moments. JK Rowling's rich, sprawling, imaginative world is downright hypnotizing on the screen, loaded with treats and treasures, and it's tough to look away for even an instant. Although the CGI work is distractingly bad in a few instances (it very nearly ruins the Quidditch match), the child actors are average at best and there isn't much adversity to our heroes' hunt for the MacGuffin Stone, it's still a cheery, entertaining introduction to a universe that's positively buzzing with potential.
Good start to the series As the first movie of the series, The Sorcerer's Stone really sets up the background well for the future movies and stays true to the book for the most part. The only disappointment is the character of Dumbledore who is played by a different actor than the rest of the movies.
Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone what a great adaptation of the book they did such a wonderful job with turning this into a movie from a book it has the feel the exicitement the magical creatures characters and places it shows the vision on the screen to how i picture it in my head i give it five stars cause they have everything correct about the story in it about harry getting dropped off at his aunt and uncle's by dumbledore,mcgonnagal and hagrid and then growing up along side dudley and harry not knowing he is a wizard and making odd things happen until hagrid the half giant comes and tells him he is a wizard and then he goes gets all his hogwarts supplies and then goes on the hogwarts express to his new school of witchcraft and wizardry and meets up with his classmates and finds out who his friends are and gets sorted into gryffindor he also meets his enemies like draco,crabbe and goyle.then a teacher that loathes him so much but he doesnt know why then he makes the gryffindor quidditch team and thinks who is trying to take the sorcerer's stone actually is not so pick up this dvd and all the harry potter books and get lost in the world of harry potter like i have and enjoy all the places,creatures,characters,adventures,and magical fanatsy and imagination that is harry potter.
NON FANS OF THIS GENRE: TAKE NOTE I haven't read any of the Harry Potter books nor have I read any books or watched any movies about wizards and their great magic. Well, make one exception..The Wizard of Oz. I really had no desire to see this movie, I didn't want to read the books because I just never had any interest and they were not what I Like to read. My husband rented this, and I watched with him. It has opened my eyes to a new genre of film! (if not books) "Harry Potter" is a fun, enchanting, and quite involved look into the world of how wizards come to learn the craft, and how they are chosen, and Harry Potter is the main character. Speaking of characters, he comes across some mighty interesting ones in his quest for the stone. I recommend this one for the entire family. There may be a few close to scary momments for the young ones, but it really is great film that you can safely allow your children to view. It has something everyone can appreciate. Plus, it is fun to watch and the story is easy enough to follow. Just don't take your eyes from the screen, there is so much to see in the visually stunning movie! Worth renting for the acting, which was oustanding by the whole cast, and it's special effects.
love Harry Potter I was raised to believe that Harry Potter was demonic, but that didn't stop me from sneaking a view at friends houses. It is the series my generation grew up with. It will always hold a special place in my heart.
Potter Have watched this three times since I got it and all the EXTRAS! Great buy! I have read all the books.Read the books then watch the movie, when you read the second book the characters will come alive right at you!
Great transition; terrible bonus features I had never been so hyped about a book becoming a movie until the Harry Potter series. I was surprised to see how close the movie was to the book, though it wasn't the greatest movie I've ever seen. The acting among the younger group wasn't too bad, but the legends such as Richard Harris and Alan Rickman were remarkable, making their characters come to life. The special effects weren't that impressive--the Quidditch scenes were cool, but a little too obvious that they weren't real. And the troll in the girls' bathroom...well...that speaks for itself. In spite of that, it was a great movie that anyone of any age can enjoy. The one thing I must rant about is the bonus features disc. It might be appealing to a younger child who enjoys games, but for an older person who is looking for behind-the-scenes features, this is not it. The entire disc is mostly a game where you go to Diagon Alley to buy your wand and such and it's nearly impossible to find the deleted scenes. Also, the 15-minute interview with the crew wasn't worth the time to watch. But, then again, a kid who enjoys playing games would find the bonus features entertaining.
It's Harry Potter, Of Course It Gets 5 Stars. No words can describe the harry potter series. Glad i rented this from amazon instead of a sketchy website online, the quality was amazing and the movie, as always, was amazing. If you haven't seen this, it's so worth it and i'll most likely end up renting the rest of the movies.
Classic Movie What a great night we had watching this movie with 3 families. Some had seen it before and some had not, so it was a great show to watch and a great ending to our Christmas and Snow Vacation in Flaggstaff.
Always a family favorite My 17 year old son suggested this for us to watch together after Easter dinner. He says the earlier more childlike HP movies are more enjoyable to him. We have been enjoying this movie for some time and curiously it is the only HP movie that we did not catch in theaters!
Harry Potter!! This did not take long at all to be delivered upon ordering it, which was a plus, considering I had just finished the book, and wanted to see how the movie compared. This movie is great, and the actors they picked played their characters very nicely! Everybody should watch Harry Potter and read the books at least once. You will not be disappointed.
11 year old Harry Potter becomes a student at Hogwart's School. He has special powers. Movie will start automatically in 1 minute, 23 seconds, if you have not chosen an option on the main menu. This USA title of this first movie is "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". In Great Britain and everywhere else, it is titled "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". Running Time: 2 hours, 32 mins. Rated "PG". Released November 4, 2001. Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris), Professor McGonnagall (Maggie Smith) and Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) give a special baby (Saunders Triplets) to the Dursley's on their doorstep. The child's parent have died unexpectedly so he is given to his aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw). Eleven years later, the boy, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), is living under the stairs in a stairwell room. His aunt, his uncle Vernon (Richard Griffiths) and his young cousin Dudley (Harry Melling) are mean to him. Harry has special powers and is good of heart always. Harry receives a wax-sealed letter by special messenger, a white owl. His Uncle will not let him have it and burns it in the fireplace. In fact, all of Harry's letters have been burnt. Later that night, Harry is in the basement and a very tall and big man knocks down the door. It is Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) to save Harry. Hagrid wishes Harry a happy 11th birthday, gives him a present and tells him he is a wizard. He hands him an envelope. It is his invitation to the Hogwart's School of Witchery and Wizardry to become a student. Uncle Vernon will not let him go. It is Harry's choice to make and he decides to leave with Hagrid. Harry Potter finds it's easy to make friends at the grand school as he learns and studies more of his special powers and begins his first adventure in finding the red Sorcerer's Stone and coming in contact with his first opponent, He Who Must Not Be Named, "Voldemort" (Richard Bremmer). Very fine movie for children to watch. Has the same wonderful feeling as The Wizard Of Oz (1939) and I do not find this magical film objectionable in any way. However, some scenes may be scary for young children so I do suggest parental guidance. Also in the cast: Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Hurt, Julie Walters, Tom Felton, Alan Rickman, Ian Hart, Zoe Wanamaker, Verne Troyer, Warwick Davis, James Phelps, Oliver Phelps, Bonnie Wright, Chris Rankin, Tom Felton, Ben Borowiecki, Harry Taylor, Matthew Lewis, Devon Murray, David Bradley, Jamie Waylett, Josh Herdman, Alfie Enouch, Eleanor Columbus, Sean Biggerstaff, Emily Date, Danielle Tabor, Luke Youngblood, Scot Fearn, David Holmes, Oliver Lavery-Farag, Amy Puglia. Geraldine Somerville plays "Lily Potter". Adrian Rawlins plays "James Potter". Leslie Phillips as the voice of "The Sorting Hat". Julian Glover as the voice of "Aragog". 2 Disc Set - Movie is shown in widescreen. Option of Language and Subtitles: English & Spanish. Disc One: Special Features: cast & Crew, Teaser Trailer, Theatrical Trailer. Easter Eggs: On the option menu, move the sparkletts on "Play Movie" over to the "owl" above the castle by using the "right" button on your DVD remote control. Click on the owl. You will see an invitation. Listen to Hagrid tell you what to do next. Disc Two: Easter Eggs! Explore the school. Click on each item separately to find each surprise, but remember the third door corridor on the right is forbidden to see. However, you might have to enter it. Find the key and get your gold coins. Finding the magic wand, the flute, the silver key, bottle of yellow liquid will lead you to the red Sorcerer's Stone for 7 deleted scenes. The next movie is: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full Screen Edition) (2002).
Outstanding The books consumed by time - commuting on the tube, 5 minute breaks at work and wrapped up cosily in my duvet deep into the night. The film, I am pleased to say, was just as seductive in pulling me away from normal life, depositing me in the gothic romance of Hogwarts with Harry and his friends. The books transcended the ages here - it was my 56-year old father who introduced them to me - and the film was as eagerly received by 60-year olds as by toddlers. The actors portray Harry et al with the same naughtiness and courage as their alter-egos in JK Rowling's books (Hermione was particularly good) - the effects were, of course, manadatory and the quidditch game was brought to life on screen extremely well. It is wonderful to see British talent in a world outside of Hughtopia. While London is unmistakably dry-witted and floppy-haired, it is pleasing to see a different aspect of the national character (strength, solidarity and intellect) translated onto the silver screen. Moreover, it is wonderful knowing that the film will encourage more people to read. That can never be a bad thing...
Where's the DVD Magic? The movie is great! I really enjoyed it, in fact, now that I have seen it a couple of times, I love it! I was really excitied for the special features on Disc two. Well, There isn't much to get excitied about. There is only one portion that actually lets you see interviews with the Director and scriptwriter and such. Its only about 15 min and during that time, is when one can see behind the scenes. I was hoping for J.K. Rowling to have something to say, or any of the cast members. There is no commentary, no outakes, and only 10 minutes of deleted scenes. To get to the Deleted scenes on the second disc is fun, at first. We get to see clips of the actual movie, and try to get to the stone. It was fun, for the first fifteen mins. I thought it was a bit much, just again, for only 10 minutes of deleted scenes. I did like the design photos that you can find - not telling where they are though. That was really cool. I am keeping in mind that this is desgined for Children. For a grown up fan, its worth it, but maybe you want to get the one disk version.
Kids adore this film This first film in the Harry Potter series is a classic. It has the feel of a complete, standalone film, despite the many sequels in the complete series. Excellent for kids of all ages (and some adults too).
Pleasantly Surprising I have never read any of the Harry Potter books so I didn't quite understand what the big deal was over the movie when it came out. But I decided to get it on DVD to see what all the hype was about. I was really quite surprised how much I enjoyed the film. It's such a charming family movie. The best parts of the film were definitely the special effects. The actors who played Harry Potter and Ron were adorable and very likable. Ron and Harry's female friend Hermione, was a character who was simply annoying, but I suppose this was the point of her character. Alan Rickman as the puzzling, yet slimy Snape couldn't have been played any better. From the music, to the cinematography, and great story, I just can't go on enough about Harry Potter. Surprising to me however, was the length of the movie, about 2 1/2 hours. A bit long for a children's movie, but the pace moved along really well, so I don't think anyone over 7 or 8 would be too bored. The extras on the DVD are pretty good too, especially the deleted scenes. You have to play a game to access them, but that's half of the fun.
If you're a Potter nut like me..... You know how you're supposed to write what did and didn't meet your expectations. I am not sure how this couldn't meet anybody's expectations. I actually bought this when it first came out (I own all of the Ultimate editions & books) and love them. I watch Sorcerer's Stone almost every night to fall asleep to. I have done it so often the, to my amazement, I have worn the disc out. So I am on the prowl for a replacement. The Ultimate editions delve into life behind the scenes of each production and more of a VA k story of each individual character (on the cards). I don't see a reason to critique the film, since most everyone is familiar with this franchise. If you're not acquainted with them, you have been hiding under a rock for well over a decade.
Catholic, Buddhist, Witch... What's the Diff? With an open mind, this movie can touch the soul of any child and "the child" in any adult. My husband is Catholic. I'm primarily Buddhist. He's an attorney. I'm a speech pathologist. He's read every Harry Potter book. I haven't read any. Nonetheless, we watched the "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" movie together for the first time with sheer delight! Whether the "magic" throughout the movie is perceived as symbolic or real, countless lessons in morality may be derived: i.e. 1) To take a risk and remove yourself from the same old setting and humdrum routine because you may embark upon the most rewarding experience of your life, 2) To face your personal demons using intuition and having faith that good will prevail, 3) To cherish and reflect upon your past without holding on, 4) To accept your areas of weakness, to maximize your areas of strength, and to encourage and rely on the strengths of others, 5) To stay focused on your own ball in the "game of life" because your objectives may not be the same others, and by obtaining your objectives, you help others achieve their own goals, 6) To cease judgment upon those individuals or things that "appear evil" because to your surprise, they may turn out to be quite the opposite... and as I mentioned earlier, countless other lessons... But regardless of what you absorb from Harry Potter, it's inevitable not consider the movie as suspenseful as it is humorous. The acting was superb, the special effects were impressively imaginative, and I recommend every teacher and parent out there to take advantage of the popularity of this story. It is utterly a GOLDMINE for language-based activities. TWO THUMBS UP from both Hubby and me... and with flying colors, Harry Potter passed the virtually impossible criteria for our "repeat watch" list!
Faithful adaptation I first watched this movie about 3 years ago when it premiered on HBO. I never read the books, so I didn't really have a reason to go see it in theaters, and I didn't even want to see it enough to go out and rent it once it was on video. So, one Saturday night when I had nothing better to do, I sat down and watched this movie, and I didn't really like it that much. I thought it was a little too long, and the plot wasn't really that solid throughout the movie. However, after reading the novel, and now watching it again (after purchasing it), I must say that I have a newfound appreciation for the quality of this film, and the amazing job it does of realizing Harry Potter's world. The casting is pretty much perfect. For being first time actors, all the kids are well-spoken, and very believable. Richard Harris makes a perfect Dumbledore. But the best casting job was Alan Rickman to play Professor Snape. Rickman just has the perfect look and body language that I imagined Snape to be like while reading the book. He gives off a very evil vibe. I was able to forgive what I thought were the film's shortcomings on the second viewing because I now understood that the filmmakers were trying to be as faithful to the book as possible. The truth is, the story about the Sorcerer's Stone was really a secondary plot in the book, too. The main point is Harry and his experience at Hogwart's, and now I can see that in the film, as well. Also, the length is now forgivable, because I felt like it was just long enough to include everything from the book that needed to be included, but still keep it at a manageable runtime, where people who hadn't read the books could still be interested. I never thought I'd be saying this about myself, but I know that I'll be at a midnight screening when Order of the Phoenix comes out.
Late to the Potter Party I just started reading this series with my 9 year old daughter. Since she is now old enough to enjoy the series without being afraid, we will do our best to read them straight through this school year. We both are enjoying the 1st book and hate to put it down.
Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone Harry Potter has always been my favorite, ever since I read the first line of the first book. This movie lives up to the book, and even a little more. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) lives with the Dursleys, mean spirited people who hate having Harry around. After much plot development, Harry finaly gets his letter to Hogwarts. There he meets his two best friends, Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson). These little actors (and actress) are spectacular, Radcliffe and Grint are two very cute little boys, and Watson shines as the book smart Hermione. Ron and Hermione help Harry solve the mystery surrounding the ledgendary Sorcerer's Stone. I would give this movie ten stars, if I could, and I have both soundtracks, to the first and second films, and they are wonderful. The actors and actresses in this movie are to be aplauded. They took an already spectacular book, and made it into an extraordinary movie. Great job Daniel, Rupert, Emma, and everyone else who helped make this movie a croud pleaser. I know it sure pleased me!
Rookie experience with AmazonPrime Movies My grandson may be the only 8 year old in America who has not seen Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. He has read the book, but his parents do not permit him to watch videos......but when he comes to MY house, watch out! I had never rented a video from AmazonPrime before and I found it to be easy and intuitive, even for a non-techie. It was fun for us to watch this captivating movie together!
Good...but no substitute for the book I feel sorry for the dedicated, well-intended, talented cast and crew that had the daunting task of translating J.K. Rowling's wonderful book to the big screen in a way that would satisfy the millions of fans worldwide that the book franchise has built up. It may have been too much for anyone to pull off. This IS the best possible movie they could have made of the first Harry Potter book. Except for a few cuts and tightening of the story elements (necessary for length but not helpful for the film), it's really right on target. Unfortunately, no amount of movie magic can top the experience of reading the Harry Potter books. As much as the realization of the settings and characters in the film matched my idea of how they'd look, the simple fact is...they were more alive and real while I was reading the book than they were when they were brought to life on screen. Don't get me wrong...I'm not a book snob, by any measure. And I liked the movie...saw it twice in the theater. It's just that if you haven't read the book, you should do yourself a favor and buy it and read it. As cool as it was to see so much of it in this film, there real joy of the Harry Potter series seems -- in my experience -- to be in the simple act of reading them. That's the movie's true weakness...the one "special effect" it could never contain. It does not absorb you in the charming, intimate wa the book does. For most book-to-movie translations, that's not a problem. But here...it's significant. When I thought about whether or not I'd buy this DVD, I realized that if I wanted to enter that world again, the best possible way to do it was to read the book again, not to watch the movie.
Great! Wonderful Script. This movie was artfully done. They made some NECESSARY changes to the book and they were for the better. the acting and casting were excellent. It really made me feel like I was in the book, at Hogwarts. The extra disc was reallly fun. All in all, a great tribute to a great book!
True Enough to the Book I must admit I saw the movie Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone before I read the book. My oldest daughter introduced me to Harry Potter. Previous I had been clueless to anything Harry Potter. Having now read the book, I feel that the movie does Harry Potter justice in form and feel. Obviously you cannot capture the entirety of a book in a 2 hour movie; they are different medium. But I do believe the movie is as compelling and fun as the book. The actors are spot on. In fact, now that I am reading book 2 in the series I can't help but picture the actors from the movies. They are convincing, lovable and memorable. Especially Hagrid! I don't know how the rest of the series will turn out, but having seen 3 Harry Potter movies and read 2 books, I think they compliment each other as well as can be expected. Each adds a new dimension to the other. A must see for hardcore Potterite, and casual fan. You will enjoy the immersive fantasy world whether you have read the books or not.
Wonderfully Magical I love harry potter. I own all the books, and never got to see it in the theater. Instead, I bought it when it first came out on DVD. I knew it was going to be wonderful and it was. The sets, the music, the acting... all lived up and surpassed my expectations. This is a wonderfully magical movie with just the right combination of movie elements. The characters are real, the storyline (while adapted from the book) is solid and everything flows so well that you forget it's a two hour movie. Even the special effects worked for the movie instead of being over the top. Watching the movie, I giggled and smiled and felt as if I was 5 again. My only complaint on this DVD set is that I own a Macintosh and the PC-DVD specials are NOT compatible with Mac drives. Actually, this set includes "bonus footage" that is no where to be seen on either disc when loaded into the drives. I presume it's part of the PC-DVD section. This did bum me out as I was looking forward to watching those bonus scenes. Because of this, I gave it 4 stars.
magical?? OK It is well filmed and the acting is good. I just think that it may convey that kids can do this stuff themselves which I do not agree with. However it is entertaining and the villain is not who you think.
Aspect Ratio Correct? Choose "Wide Screen" or the "Pan and Scan" version? Here is some help: For the most part in any DVD, the Wide Screen or "Letterbox" version is supposed to "PRESERVE" the aspect version that you saw at the movies. "Harry Potter" versions were probably filmed using 1.18:1 aspect ratio, but Warner Bros Pictures used a 2.35:1 aspect ratio to transfer to the widescreen DVD. This is good for the new widescreen tvs, but, this also cheats you out of this movies' integrity; whereas it deletes both the top and bottom portions of the original film. Some movies are SHOT in 2.35:1 aspect ratio, and you usually do not lose anything with those - (why couldn't they just do the 1.18:1 aspect ratio as it was meant to be seen?) For purists, it's fine for the new television monitors and tvs, but I would prefer the full top to bottom view of the actors and things that they are holding and the hand movements. The TV or the "Full Screen" version, (Still not 1.18:1 aspect ratio but shows the bowl being pushed on the table by Hagrid), was meant to fit on a regular TV screen. Here, little portions are lost in the left side of the film. I prefer to take the little loss on the sides versus losing the top and bottom, showing clapping, wand holding, etc to be seen, so skip the widescreen and purchase the "Full Screen" version if that is what you want. Either way, the movie is a PIP! I thought that the essence of mystery mixed with human emotion is nicely portrayed. Nothing is as good as the book, (your own imagination is used there), but the movie does give some nice escape in imagination with some excellent acting and computer gra-fix!
DVD difficult to navigate I love this film and think it's a solid adaptation of the book, especially the fantastic art direction. The DVD, however, is a bit of a disappointment because there are no audio tracks for commentary, and the deleted scenes are nearly impossible to find. Instead of allowing the viewer to select the deleted scenes, they turn it into a game, and the game is very confusing. I gave up, rented the video, and watched the scenes on that. All of the special features are on a second disk. So far it's seemed like to much work to get through it. I'm glad I got the DVD since the art direction and cinematography deserve the clearest medium, but I think the project manager was a bit over-ambitious and knew nothing about human-DVD interaction. Pushing buttons in the hopes that something will happen certainly isn't my idea of a good time, and that's exactly what you have to do because there are no buttons on screen, just arrows as in "go here" or "go there" through corridors kind of like a DOOM game.
Great Movie, Idiotic Special Features Design I don't need to address the merits of the movie itself -- everyone knows it's great, and if you're reading this you've probably seen it anyway. The issue here is to review the way the movie is "packaged" into a DVD for consumers to buy. Sadly, whatever marketing genius was put in charge of this important project failed miserably -- the extra disc, which contains all the "Special Features" is a classic example of "let's show how clever our DVD product engineers are, and let's ignore any consideration of user-friendliness and user enjoyment". The entire 2nd disc is, for want of a better term, a video game, where you have to spend hours digging around and running repeatedly against frustrating dead ends, in order to actually "see" anything. I have 2 kids, ages 8 and 10, both highly intelligent and video-game literate, and they both expressed their frustration at the false starts, the blind alleys, and the overall lack of "entertainment" throughout this whole 2nd disc. It's really a pity -- they had an entire DVD's worth of digital storage capacity into which they could have packed truly useful and entertaining things -- interviews with the 3 child actors (there are none, anywhere), bloopers (whouldn't that have been great?) and in addition, some sort of on-the-side interactive video game which was not so full of inconsistencies and frustrating dead ends. Did anyone at the production company actually audience-test this package (including all age groups) before producing the final product?? I can't possibly believe that they did. Great movie, but extremely disappointing and frustrating DVD...
Never gets old. Perfect cast, perfect costumes, sets, locations, music, everything. J.K. wrote a world-changing book, and Chris Columbus brought it to the screen wonderfully. It's not my favorite of all the movies, but I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Dear god....I'm hooked Well, I have to admit that I didn't understand the whole Harry Potter craziness when it began but I decided to watch the movie to really see what the big deal was about. The movie's special effects help draw the watcher into the Hogwarts School and also Harry's home and really begin to understand the magic behind the mystery. Every piece of the movie was very imaginative and creative to help draw in the people like myself....that just didn't get it. And now I have bought the movie and watch it all of the time. Many movies just don't go to the extent that this movie went into. And with the many unique characters help inhance the movie to bring in both children and adults to this magical world. I just can't wait for the next movie and I also am waiting the series to show up so I can read the series. This is truly a Wizard of Oz for our time (like they said on the commericals) that will be charished for many years to come. This is one you have to have in your DVD collection
Excellent The only thing better than the movie is the book. Perfectly cast, and perfectly played. One of the best DVDs of the year, along with Fellowship and Signs (2003).
Family of 6... This movie looked great on the BluRay disk. I originally bought it back when I had a VHS player when it first came out...so the changes were phenominal in quality between the tape and the BluRay. Definitely recommend any one who likes the Harry Potter franchise movies and doesn't have it yet picks it up. Well worth the cost (since so cheap too).
The movie that started it all for me Before the movie came out I had heard a lot about Harry Potter, but didn't enter this entertaining universe until this movie had come out. I got so much out of this movie and was impressed with its story and imagination tha I had all of the four books that were released at the time read within a month of seeing the movie. One of the best movies I've seen in a VERY LONG TIME. So, why 4 stars? The 4 stars is for the movie itself. The fifth star is for the DVD. I was really excited for the DVD to come out so I could watch the special features. After reading the book, I had wanted to see the scenes that hadn't made it into the movie. I STILL haven't found it and just got tired of all the stupid games it wanted me to go through just to get to them. Buy this DVD for the excellent movie and picture/sound quality. Don't buy it for the special features. I was left very disappointed by them. If you don't care for the digital picture and sound, get it on VHS.
A Really Neato Movie, Seriously Why are all of these reviews so darn -bad-? I'm very surprised, especially since so many people are buying this DVD! Having only seen Harry Potter 3 times, I am nevertheless convinced that it is a great movie. It obviously didn't completely measure up to the book, but neither did Lord of the Rings, and that was the -best- movie ever. So despite the movie's inferiority to the book, I enjoyed it immensely, and the DVD as well. The special features are really fun, especially having to get to the deleted scenes. People complained that it was too much hassle to find the deleted scenes, but seriously... if you had time to buy the Harry Potter DVD and watch the special features on it, you have time to play a game in order to watch the deleted scenes. I admit that the movie could have been a little more scary, and possibly more creative, but all in all, it's a great film for young and old alike. If you're a fan of the books, you really ought to see the movie!
I know it wasn't my sound bar because other videos including "The Chamber of Secrets" on Amazon played fine. Check the date on t The sound quality near the end would peak badly. I know it wasn't my sound bar because other videos including "The Chamber of Secrets" on Amazon played fine. Check the date on this review because I'm sure Amazon will address this. If anyone knows how to report streaming quality issues I'd appreciate a "how to."
My Very Favorite Movie of all Time! This movie is truly AWESOME! The actors in the movie fitted the person just like I had it imaged! Although they did not put in some of my favorite people like Peeves it was still enjoyable without Peeves. Uncle Vernon did not meet all the people in their Hogwarts cloaks like it did in the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Their were no reports about the owl sightings either. But I still give it 5 stars for awesome special effects and music. My favorite scene was when Professor Quirrell turned into Lord Voldermort (You-Know-Who or He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named). It also has a good selection of Special Features. Like a complete tour of Hogwarts. Attend all classes of Hogwarts. Also there is never before seen footage not seen in theaters. There is 2 trailers you can view. There is interviews from the makers of the movie and its actors. Last but not least you can explore Diagon Alley. Once again its a AWESOME movie!!!
Bang for the buck I had just started collecting the Ultimate Edition DVDs of the Harry Potter movies, after recently finding out that they are, well, 'good'. I've compared the prices on eBay and here in Amazon, and this right here is cheaper. I've received the item in a very good condition. No missing contents or anything, no damage. Quality of the video is the same as other DVDs. The extended version only has a couple of more minutes than the theatrical version, but it's still cool to see those scenes woven into the actual movie itself, not just on the Deleted Scenes section of the DVD. What's 'gold' here, for me, are more special features, the cards, and album. For only $11, the Ultimate Edition of Philosopher's Stone is definitely worth it. What I need now are the Order of the Phoenix & Half-Blood Prince, which are proving hard to find on an affordable price...
2nd disk DEFECTIVELY printed or designed. The DVD movie is as expected, good all around and complete. The 2nd DVD in the set - the one with the extra features, hidden scenes, etc is seriously defective. It WILL LOCK UP your home dvd player every single time if you have one of a group of dvd player makes. All Aiwa and Zenith at a minimum are affected by this. More models out there as well. So far, Warner Brothers has done NOTHING in the US though they have replaced the 2nd disk in the United Kingdom for some reason. If you enter Olivanders wand shoppe and select any of the wand boxes, the dvd locks up and only a power off will allow you to exit and restart. If you want it for the movie only and don't care about the 2nd disk, get it. If you want to enjoy the added features, make sure you test someone elses copy on your DVD player BEFORE YOU BUY or wait to purchase the rental copies for less than full price later this year (2002).
What a fun flick for the whole family! My kids and I will pop this movie in, make some homemade pizza, and have a blast. I can whistle the theme song and they both drop everything and come running. The older one is only 2, so what does that tell you? It means that it's not too scary, not too complicated, and interesting enough for their rapidly changing attention spans to hang on to. It's a great match to the book because it capture the innocence and naivete of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, and it does a great job of introducing the audience to the characters, the conflict, and the setting of the Harry Potter series. These young actors have done a great job of nailing down the characters, Alan Rickman was born to be Snape, and Dame Maggie Smith IS fabulous. This movie was viewed in VHS format so frequently it quit working right so we bought the DVD to replace it. That has been viewed so often that the box is an absolute wreck.
Harry Potter is a great movie! This movie is so awesome. It is exciting, and way cool. I had read the book twice before seeing this movie, and they are both really good. I would totally reccomend the book, too, but for people (like me) that don't really like spending their free time reading, the movie gives you a good idea of the story. This is a really awesome movie. The special effects are way cool, and the casting is totally perfect! This is a great movie to see. And, on this DVD, you could watch it again and again! Even if you're an adult, you should still see this movie. People who say Harry Potter is for kids must have never actually seen or read Harry Potter. Some of the stuff in this movie MIGHT scare kids, but, hey, it just makes the movie more exciting to have some action in it. Anyway, this is a great movie, and I totally recommend it, no matter how old you are, or wether you like or dislike the books.
Love it I probably should own the Harry Potter series since I have watched them all several times. I wouldn't have rented this AGAIN if I didn't thoroughly enjoy it. I will be honest, I was never into this type of fantasy flick but this one, along with Lord of the Rings, really stuck on me.
3 1/2 stars, more faithful to book than most movies I'm one of those adults who's read the books but missed seeing the movie in the theatres and tried the DVD instead. I found the casting to be very good, although Emma Watson as Hermione is too pretty. The story was amazingly faithful to the book, which is very unusual for any book/ movie adaptation with just a few things edited out or rearranged (I believe Hagrid's gift of the photo album to Harry was a Christmas present, not a going home from school gift). It was certainly close enough that a movie viewer could probably get away with claiming to have read the book. I found the 2nd disc to be infuriatingly difficult to get through, most kids won't like to try that stuff. If , as at least one reviewer says, the seven deleted scenes are that hard to find (why doesn't something tell you they exist and how to look for them?)they'd better be good to put up with that run around.
Utterly charming I procratinated seeing "Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone" for months, having been put off by all of the overwhelming hype. However, when I finally sat down to watch it recently, I was completely entertained and totally charmed. The story is engaging and well thought-out, the actors do a wonderful job, and the special effects are every bit as good as I'd hoped they'd be. The special features on the DVD are pretty extensive, and can be enjoyed by children and adults alike. If you're a grown-up who's been avoiding this film for fear it would bore you to tears, let me assure you that it's a timeless tale for all ages. There are elements of "Cinderella," multiple Grimm's Fairy Tales, and other stories, as well as completely original ideas. I plan to watch this film many times, and will likely get more and more out of it with each viewing.
Get ready Muggle world! This is one of my favorite movies! I love the book series of Harry Potter. The special effects are so lifelike! I was in awe at how great of a production this was! The cast is perfect, the effects are mind blowing! I must say, it is kind of annoying with the DVD to have to do all of the things to get to the extra features, but that's OK. This is a great movie for all ages, a magical world that we all dream about! I only wish that i could be a wizard and go to Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, and ride that train! This is a great movie for anyone, you'll really enjoy it. I reccomend this movie to anyone. Enjoy! Oh yeah, hold on... you should read the books before you see the movies, because the movies just kind of ruin the books (the ending is revealed and so on). The books are so much better, J.K. Rowling is such a talented author. You must buy the books before anything. ENJOY!
Impressive Acting I have read many reviews of this movie. For the most part, people seem to be most impressed with the fact that movie remained faithful to the book. I agree, that impressed me as well. But what really impressed me about this film are the excellent performances of the younger members of the cast. Yes, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, and Alan Rickman were superb during their limited screen time. But that was expected. Radcliffe was perfect for the role. His low-key acting is refreshing to watch compared to the epidemic of overacting we see in contemporary young actors. He conveyed so much with his eyes, facial expressions, and body language. Emma Watson and Rupert Grint were also excellent in their roles, although Emma Watson did have a tendency to overact at times. But then again, the character of Hermione is a bit intense to begin with.
Harry Potter widescreen dvd review It was great to watch Harry Potter again and revisit the world of Hogwarts. The book literally comes alive with the performance of this children's movie. My kids enjoyed not only the movie, but plays for hours with the enclosed special features such as making potions,clicking on the characters to make them talk and the game. The extra disc (which has the extra footage and bonus games) is a nice feature to keep separate the movie from the extra fun (and less chance of damaging the movie). Overall it was an excellent choice to purchase for the kids! The only complaint I had was that many scenes from the original big screen production was that some scenes had been trimmed to make the movie shorter (ie Dudley's birthday trip to the zoo). I would have prefered the original movie unaltered, but it still is a great story! rick from florida
Brilliant It took me several years to finally get around to reading the books that had managed to get all five of my children so thoroughly enthralled. Like perhaps everyone else on the planet, I also became enthralled by J.K. Rowling's works. So, it was with a great amount of trepidation that I went to see the first Harry Potter film. Having been disappointed so many times before, I found it hard to believe that the magical world created by J.K. Rowling could possibly translate to the screen. After all, these worlds were so intricately detailed, so perfectly described, and so different from anything that we had previously experienced. After four books, I had a "perfect" mental image of every character, every place, every event. However, I am delighted to say that I was wrong, and very much impressed by the way that all of this detail was captured in the film. The characters were very much like I had them pictured. I can't think of a single detail that was left out. The acting is superb. The visual effects are stunning. The film was very well directed, and the editing was masterful. Instead of spoiling my mental images, the film simply enhanced them even more. This is THE film to own on DVD. You, your kids, your neighbours and your relatives will come back to watch it again and again.
A Great Film! I remember when the Harry Potter craze first broke out. I couldn't understand why everyone was going so wild over the books. It wasn't until I watched "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" that I became a Harry Potter fan. After watching this fun and whimsical movie, I immediately went out and bought the books. I fell in love with the books just as much as I loved the movie! It made me realize that you don't have to be a child to love this series. I loved everything about this movie, especially the casting. I don't think the characters could have been cast any better. Even though the movie is close to three hours long, it doesn't feel like it because you truly get caught up in the story and the characters. Anyone who wants to watch a film full of fantasy and fun, watch this movie! You will not be disappointed!!!!
Absolutely as magical as the literary world While there are, of course, liberties taken and omissions made from the actual text, this movie is by no stretch of the imagination any less magical than its literary counterpart. From the first glimpse Diagon Alley, on through to the walls of Hogwarts and out, finally, to the vibrant Quidditch field...this movie is pure magic. The film also carries today's audiences into what will certainly be an entirely new genre of theater entertainment. The special effects are amazing. The original John Williams score is a perfect match. The casting,(no, it could never quite capture the exact book!), was thoroughly effective. This movie is end to end fun, adventure, and, well, magic. Perfect for all ages, save a little violence and Fluffy (cover the kids eyes), this movie gets about as high and honor as I can offer. Well done.
Not all the features as a physical disc. Of course ALL the Harry Potter movies are amazing! BUT when you buy a movie via Amazon to download on a Kindle device. You pay the same price as if you were buying the DVD itself, but you do not get ANY of the extras that would be on a physical disc such as; deleted scenes, bonus features or directors commentary. I bought all 8 films to watch on my Kindle for traveling and then had to buy all 8 movies on Blu-Ray Disc so I could have the features at home. So if can only buy one, buy the physical discs.
Harry Potter I have 'Harry Potter and the Philopher's' Stone which is exactly the same as 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone'. Before I saw the movie I had read the books. The Movie lived up to the book well, just with a few changes because of time. The Story is about a boy who goes to Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. The movie stars Daniel Radcliffe ( "David Copperfeild" ) as Harry Potter and he plays the part very well. Emma Watson and Rupert Grint play harry's freinds Hermione and Ron, they acted very well considering it is the first time working on a movie. The movie also stars famous actor's such as Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Julie Walters and Zoe Wannamaker. Directed by Chris Columbus who directed movies such as 'Home Alone 1 & 2', 'Mrs Doutfire' and 'Bicentenial Man'. The DVD is great letting you tavel Hogwarts and Hagrids Hut. Facing chalenges, catching the snicth, finding the Philosopher's Stone ( Sorcerer's Stone ), Deleted Scences, Interviews with the film makers and more... The disapointing thing is that it didn't have a comentary or interviews with the cast and they really SHOULD of had the trailer for 'Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets'. Over all this is a GREAT!!! DVD to buy.
Enchanting movie for all ages After hearing all the hubbub about Harry Potter from children and adults alike, I had to see for myself. I was pleasantly surprised by this well-made movie and by the wonderful imagination of the author who created this delightful story. It has everything a child could want in a story--a likeable hero, his two pleasant sidekicks, scary villains, and fast-paced action. Everything about this movie is first-class, from the excellent cast to the writing to the special effects and visual delights which await the viewer. It joins other wonderful children's classics, such as The Wizard of Oz, and creates a totally satisfying entertainment experience for adults as well as children. The popularity of this story is well-deservedl--well-done Ms. Rowlands and everyone who had anything to do with this film!
Good Special Features! (I got the DVD not in USA, but I guess the content will be the same) Okay, it is a good film, and the DVD is even greater! Firstly, there is Disc 1: Movie. You can acess trailers in this disc. Second, there is Disc 2: Special Features. You get to go around the world of Harry Potter, exploring Diagon Alley and Hogwarts. You can find a LOT of stuff, including the designs for the Quidditch pitch, etc.. THIS IS NOT IT. What is more, you can watch the Deleted Scenes (yeah!!). The price is, you HAVE to explore the Diagon Alley, Hogwarts Classrooms, the Forbidden Corridor, and THEN you get acess to the Deleted Scenes. The only bad thing is that you have to do it ALL OVER AGAIN if you wanted to see it again. That means, it won't save your memory. Too bad about this.
Excellent movie adaptation of the novel In case there is cross posting of products this is a review of the Special widescreen edition DVD. I will not go through the story as you can read my review of the book. However the basic primes is of a boy who grows up as the orphan nephew of a family that does not believe in magic only to find that he is a famous wizard. How will he handle his situation and the interaction with friends? The movie its self as with all movies would have to be a mini-series to incorporate all the nuances of the book. However this movie does an excellent job of selection and gives the overall feel of the story. Naturally comparing and contrasting this story with others in it genre you will always find a better or a favorite. This in no way diminishes the excellent story and the cohesiveness of the movie.
A magical adventure into the world of Wizardry. A great adventure wraped in magical spells and mischievous cunning children. This movie transports you to the magic world that exisit hidden away from the rest of the world. Take a trip to platform nine and three quarters, ride a train to Hogwarts School of Magic, and follow Harry Potter in his first year of wizardy school.
Harry Poter in French a great way to review! I find reading the Harry Potter books in french has been a great way to saturate myself with french words. I started out having to look almost every word on the page up and now I can read almost an entire chapter without picking up my dictionary or english copy. What a great idea, I wish I would have thought of it sooner. Of course I love the Harry Potter stories and can read them over and over again. I also have the french version of the little prince and have thought of getting some of my other favorite books as well. I have to say I ordered the french version of the first harry potter dvd and I still have a hard time keeping up, but now that I have watched it about three times I am getting the hand of understanding most of what they say, but it still seems like they talk too fast! Good luck!
So fun! I thought this movie was going to be an overhyped little kids movie, but it really isn't. I had refused to read the books and watch the movie until my mom became hooked on the books. Then, I gave in...and now I'm glad I did. This movie is a spectacular ride through a young wizard's (Harry) introduction to the magic that was always in his blood. He and his friends go on an adventurous journey to stop the madman who killed Harry's parents, and show that they are all brave, true, and loyal. The special effects are incredible. Of course, sometimes, you can tell that they're using animitronics instead of the actors. (I think that might be on purpose, though.) I definitely recommend that you watch this movie...no matter how old you are because you will definitely enjoy it!
Special features--ho hum I was disappointed by the special features bonus dvd in this set. The games are overly simple once you can figure out how to navigate by selecting the item covered by sparkles. The tour of Hogwarts seemed distorted, slow and choppy. The seven bonus scenes were mildly interesting, certainly not worth all the effort to get to them. [Hint: Go to classrooms, click on podium supporting the fire. Continue through a few more obstacles, you'll then be taken to hallway with portraits that include the scenes.]I would have also liked to have seen interviews with the cast in addition to the 15 minutes with the directors. The packaging is flimsy. I don't think the cardboard will hold up to the use it will be getting. All that said, I loved the movie almost as much as I love the books.
Fantastic Film for any Fan I love this movie! Chris Columbus did an excellent job directing it and was able to capture the spirit of the book. He really spiced up the Quidditch match by adding some exciting scenes and good computer graphics. John Williams composed good music that you just don't get tired of hearing. Richard Harris plays the part of Professor Dumbledore perfectly. He has a look in his eyes just like Dumbledore has in the book. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint make a great trio and each performs the character's part well. I was a bit disappointed with Hogwarts because it didn't look entirely realistic. Even if you haven't read the book you can still easily follow the plot. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a movie I am sure anyone would enjoy, fan or not.
Wonderful but missing the finer aspects of the book I absolutly loved the movie! People are saying it is a horrible movie and I totally disagree. While it was missing the best parts of the book, it is truly a great movie. The Quidditch scene is exactly as I imagined it. I heard someone say it was too computer generated... yeah, seeing as it WAS computer generated it would be pretty hard not to be! The sets are beautiful and the actors, even the kids, are outstanding! Two out of the three times I saw it, everyone clapped afterwards! I have never seen that happen before! Far better than Lord of the Rings, which, to put it frankly, put me to sleep, this is a movie that everyone, ages 6 - 106 can appreciate and enjoy. I am greatly anticipating the release of the DVD! It will no doubt be great! ....
late on the Harry Potter Bandwagon, but worth the wait finally got around to seeing this movie. it was cute, and filled with a sense of childhood wonder and awe. I'm still not sure how Harry managed to live with that family for 11 years without turning into a bloodthirsty socialpath
For HP fans- this is and always has been a must but you've gotta be kidding me. This DVD was a Target Exclusive that came out at the same time the Ultimate Edition Blu Ray's did. This DVD was $8 on sale- $11 regular. The extra content is the same stuff you've seen a dozen times when ABC broadcast HP:SS, so it's not new unless you've missed their showing the last 4 years it's been playing. But to pay THIS price when it was on store shelves for 25%??? WOW- this is crazy. For 7 minutes???
Intelligent Fantasy for a New Age Harry Potter on DVD brings the excitement home. It makes the perfect gift for children and adults alike. Harry Potter is intelligent reading and viewing, guaranteed to keep the children enthralled for hours and he's a good role model, not like the slaughterhouse-style anime which is popular these days. The DVD provides lots of extras and combined with reading the books with it, it comes across well. There's enough action and story to keep the adults interested as well. Once you think the story is told, another twist comes up. Excellent movie (and by the way, The Chamber of Secrets -in Theaters now- was/is just as good.) Combined with the books, the tale turns out beautifully on and off screen. Robert Eldridge (...)
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone There is really NO way to describe how excited I was when I heard that this movie was going to be coming out. I had read the books, and became an immediate fanatic... I was one of the people that piled into theatres the first day that it came out on the big screen. Let me start with the good things: 1. I loved the sets. Hogwarts was great (love castles) and Diagon Alley's shops looked so interesting that I wanted to pop into one. 2. Maggie Smtih (Professor McGonagal) was magnificent. When I had read the books, I pictured the professor to be rather large and frequently huff and puff down the hallways, but Smith's take on it was great. Completely bashed the other idea out of the water. 3. Alan Rickman was great as Snape. Perfect voice- and I loved the contrast of the black hair and clothes against the dead white skin. Scared the heck out of me. 4. The music to this movie was awesome. Seriously awesome. When the movie started with the theme music, I was on the edge of my seat... And it all went downhill from there. Like I said, there are a few bits of great acting, but the rest of the time... Harry Potter, for instance. Daniel Radcliffe looks like him- REALLY looks like him. That's the good part. But he NEVER shows any sort of emotion, and that's what got me. He never made me believe that he was really Harry Potter. Ron Weasley... Rupert Grint looked like him, and he was even funny sometimes. He didn't really get a lot of times in the spotlight, though, so you never really noticed that he was there. Hermione Granger was one of the biggest let-downs of them all. She was my favorite character in the books, because, even though she was sort of a scholarly snob, you eventually liked her even with her faults. Emma Watson played the character as snobby in the beginning at least KIND of well, and then when she, Harry, and Ron became friends, that entire side of her personality went away and she ceased being smart and ended up being one of the sidekicks. And what about the special effects? Fluffy looked fake... and so did Quidditch. I don't know if there's a way that you COULD make a three-headed dog or people flying around on broomsticks look real, but I think that they could have done a LOT better. All in all, I loved the sets. Loved the costumes... and a few of the actors were okay. But overall, the movie was a disappointment.
H.I.M. (Harry Is Magnificent) The title says it all boyos. This is an amazing movie. It was so thrilling that I was shocked to discover that I didn't remember half of the dialogue. Emma Watson was such a babe. I can't believe they're replacing her, Rupert Grint, and Daniel Radcliffe for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Now I know how people felt when Sean Connery threw in the towel after he did You Only Live Twice. They should have mentioned that you had to find the Sorcerer's Stone to see the deleted scenes. All of these deleted scenes should have been kept in the movie except for the eggs scene. These scene could have made the movie more faithful. They could have had Harry and Hagrid talking about the dragon thing as they walking to the Leaky Cauldron. This movie definitely stays faithful to the book. It has some dialogue that wasn't in the book but it was worth it. In case you don't know who Warwick Davis is, he played Wicket, the Ewok, in Return of the Jedi, and Wald, one of Anakin's friends, in The Phantom Menace. In case you don't know what I'm talking about, I'm referring to two Star Wars films. Daniel Radcliffe is equally amazing. You can hardly tell he was lipsyncing in some scenes (his voice was changing). I'm almost certain that they shot the scene with the letters flying all over the place last because his voice sounds different. I am so mad that John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick) had an almost cameo role in that movie. I pray that they'll use him in the next movies and I hope that they write some dialogue for him in The Prizoner of Azkaban. I don't think that Richard Harris (Dumbledore) is going to be used for all of the movies. Maggie Smith (Professor McGonagall) has become quite famous here in America. She recently finished the movie, Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood. I have two final complaints, one minor and one major, and the major one comes first. I can't believe that Harry Potter didn't get a nomination for Best Picture. The actors in the movie didn't get nominated for Best Leading Actor or Actress or Best Featured Actor or Actress. Emma Watson's performance deserved an Award for Best Actress. My final complaint is that the DVD has no audio commentary. Maybe, I'll find it. Maybe, it's an Easter Egg.
The #1 movie of 2001 With a $90.3 Million opening weekend, plus a 300 and some million-dollar total at the box office in the end, the most famous wizard will no doubt be popular with his new DVD! Directed by Chris Columbus and starring Daniel Radcliff, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone makes DVD a magical experience. It is a 2 disc DVD set. The movie is wonderful and rated PG for scary moments and some course language. This film has it all, action, mystery, fantasy, and suspense! The DVD package even has "Year one" on its side, just like the books! DVD number 1 includes the complete movie with Scene access, English and Spanish subtitles, plus the teaser and theatrical trailers! The opening intro to the DVD menu is spectacular with scenes from the movie and the popular Hedwig's Theme music! Disc 1's menu has 4 options to choose from: Play Movie, Special Features, Scene Selection, and Language! The background of the menu is the beautiful enchanting Hogwarts Castle! DVD number 2 has just special features. The menu opens up to a small intro and you see Hogwarts school get closer and it zooms in, then you're in the Great Hall, and finally the you're at the Teacher's table (The menu). You can choose from options like a 360 degree tour of Hogwarts (You tour the Great Hall and the Gryffindor common room). Other options include: *Diagon Alley-Visit Gringotts, Eeylops owl Emporium, or Ollivanders. *Classrooms-go to class to mix potions, and cast spells. *Interviews-Watch interviews with the director and producer themselves, plus get info on the next Harry Potter movie. *Plus you can tour Hagrid's hut at Hogwarts grounds, check out the Library, and even see the extra credit, but you need a PC DVD-Rom drive to access the extra credit features. Then there is the highly anticipated 7 deleted, never-before-seen clips. Only problem is that they are hidden in disc 2. To get them you have to got through the Forbidden Corridor, sneak past Fluffy, get the correct winged key and potion, and you'll end up at the Mirror of Erised to get the Sorcerer's Stone and your hearts desirer...The deleted scenes! They are a reward. The clips don't come out in the full movie, which many probably expected like I did. The 7 scenes are: Dudley's uniform, Cracking eggs, Tube ride, After troll, Harry's meditation, Finding Flamel, and Snape's class. The DVD is truly magical and is worth buying once you get used to it!
Fantastic Movie, but one thing that really got to me This movie was extravagant, the actors are phenomenal and the special effects are also very good. But one thing, IT'S HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHERS STONE! I'm sorry but this really got on my nerves, the title was made up by J.K.Rowling, and should be left at it, I mean, they didn't change any of the other titles, (i.e. The Chamber of Secrets didn't become The chamber of deaths or anything), but why change the first one, I'm sure Americans know what a philosopher is, oh, and they changed some of the words (crisps to chips, chips to fries etc) which really wasn't necessary. Harry Potter and The Philosophersstone was a marvellous film, but please american publishers, KEEP THE BLOODY ORIGINAL NAME!
Realize First off, I am a thirty year old male with three children. When this movie was first released I had no idea who Harry Potter was, but my kids were very excited. When I took them to see it I was totally impressed, so much so I went out and bought all four books to read for myself. Now second, all this negative feedback about the movie compared to the book has got to stop. You have to realize that the film makers have to take a four hundred page book and reduce it into a two hour movie. They do not have the time to go into all the detail of the characters background. When was the last time any of you have seen a movie, based on a book, be 100% right on. Let me answer this. NEVER. Thank You.
And I used to make fun of Harry Potter I used to make so much fun of Harry Potter, and I wouldn't watch it on my own, because i thought it was just for little kids not a 20 something year old guy, until my girlfriend sat me down and we watched it when it was on HBO, it was about the time CoS came out so then i imideatly went and and watched CoS and bought Sorcerer's Stone on DVD and then i went to buy all the books and then read them and know I love watching Harry Potter, i have all the movies on DVD, and I have all the books and I have the Half Blood Prince on Pre-order all because my girlfriend had me watch the movie, which now I am glad she did, because i love the movies and the books, I highly recomend these movies and books.
Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition - Not Really Worth it I was disappointed in this "Ultimate " edition. It wasn't all that ultimate. It has about 6 minutes additional footage, and precious little interviews, which are my favorite part of ultimate editions. There are four discs: Number 1 is the theatrical release; number 2 is the extended edition; disc number 3 is mostly some very silly stuff - click on visual items for a display of stuff you've already seen, and there is more stuff to click on. It isn't really all that interesting. Then the 4th disc has an hour-long interview section that is fairly interesting, and it included "deleted" scenes, which you already saw when you watched the second disc, the extended version. After seeing the Ultimate Edidtion of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, which was so packed with MORE information, this was just ... disappointing. :( I will possibly try another Harry Potter Ultimate Edition; perhaps Azkaban or later, in the hopes that they just got better at it as they Ultimized each film.
Magical acting and effects While many people complain that the movie version of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" followed the book too closely, I think that its faithfulness to the text gives credit to Rowling's genius. I read the book, so while the plot didn't surprise me the special effects and superb acting did. The book came to life. The casting was excellent - the chemistry between Hermione, Harry, and Ron was magical, and every character was believable. The actor who plays Harry Potter was both a child and an "old soul," which brings depth to his character. I was impressed with many of scenes, such as those with the Sorting Hat, the quidditch game, and the big chess game. A delight to watch!
Could Not Have Been Made Better I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series and was so psyched when the movies started being made. Except for a few minor changes, Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone could not have been made any better. The sound and diction is excellent as well as the acting, the sets are phenomenal and whoever casted the characters obviously read the book many times because everyone was exactly how I imagined them when I was reading the books. Now I can put in one of the movies and relive the magic of Harry Potter without having to read the book. I can not even describe how much joy the Harry Potter series has given me, and am glad that the movies were made exactly like the books; beyond outstanding.
One little difference between the movie an the book I loved Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone! It was absolutely wonderful to read as well as to watch. One little thing though: In the movie scene which Professor McGonagall goes to fetch Wood, captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, and tells him that she had found him a new seeker, Harry (after seeing him flying through the air, retrieving Neville's Remembrall that Malfoy threw into the air), the classroon Professor McGonagall enterred was the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, according to the book. But in the movie, the teacher was Professor Quirrell. In the book, it was Professor Flitwick teaching. Just thought I'd clear that up. Other than that, great book and great movie.
terrific another great deal that arrived in the time period stated the convenience provided is awesome and much appreciated to just enter what you're looking for and be able to find it and the prices are great
A great story that deserves the praise My son is 2 and loves the movie. I love the movie and my husband loves the movie. What's there not ot love : )
The movie that launched a saga - review by Jameson Thottam Jameson Thottam and my family first started reading this launch of the series 5 years ago. The movies have been a Thottam family past time (filled with discussions on insider trading tips on what we think each new will bring and what sec rets the future holds in store for Harry. This was the first installment in the Harry Potter Saga and is truly a winner with suspense, sadness and adventure all rolled into one (something you would expect no less from Rowlings imaginative brain). Coming from corporate America (such firms as Morgan Stanley, IndyMac Bank and Homestore), I have found the series a nice respite from the day to day work life and a return to child like wonders for this Thottam family child at heart. This book in particular captures the children in a more mature phase and seeing that evolution is always thrilling as we take part in their lives. Hope you in enjoy this, as the Thottam family has, -Jameson Thottam
Just One Warning! Everything in the DVD set is amazing, except one small, kinda not so small detail. It says it comes with a Digital Copy, which it does, BUT IT IS EXPIRED!!!! It was only valid through December 8, 2010 which was over 2 years ago now. Also the disc set is actually the Philosopher's Stone and not the Sorcerer's Stone, Just a heads up. Doesn't make a real difference except I know it is the UK version...which is kinda awesome.
Not for the young ones!!! Ok, So I KNOW I'm laying myself on the cross for this one BUT, I really do feel that some of the contents of this movie are NOT FOR YOUNG CHILDREN!!! While I was dazzled with the visual effects and the sound track of the movie, I was also amazed at the age range that they are saying this movie can be viewed by. I don't know about you folks but, my younger kids would have been scarred ... by some of the scenes in this movie. This being said, it's a well developed movie, that you'll want to watch again and again, just be careful with the young ones.(I'd pre-view the movie first before showing it to your younger children) Ciao!!
Movie: 5 stars Extra features: 1 Arguably, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone will certainly become an all time classic, in the same vein as the Wizard of Oz. I couldn't wait for my DVD to arrive in the mail...I've been counting down the days! We enjoyed it immensely and can't imagine ever getting tired of seeing it over and over again. However....our excitement at viewing the "extra features" available on the DVD quickly grew to frustration. You are not able to simply select and view the "never before seen footage", as you can on other DVDs. I've since learned this feature is "hidden" somewhere on disc 2...I've also read that children can more easily find this feature...perhaps. My daughter is just as big a fan as I, except that she is only 3 years old, and as intelligent as she is, can not navigate around that DVD, looking for the extra footage. It is most annoying-they should have thought better than to hide what is to be a highly anticipated feature.
Christian Reveiw The question has been going around for years, is Harry Potter a bad series for Christians? For awhile, I've been debating on whether to watch this film or not. All the Christian websites say that this is not a good movie to let your kids see, but as an 18 year old, I could find nothing on whether adults should see this movie or not. I tried to get my Mom to see it before me, but she doesn't like movies in the first place, so I had to see it without her (just finished watching it in fact). So, as a Christian, is Harry Potter a bad movie to watch? The film does mention the word "witchcraft" twice (not directly pertaining to Harry's training), which is sort of concerning, but in the end, the movie does use quite a bit of magic, but it doesn't obsess in black magic, in fact, it does let people know that there is dark magic that is forbidden. I don't think letting a little kid see it is necessarily a good idea, and if the film will cause you to attempt magic yourself, I would not recommend it, but overall in the spiritual matter, I don't think watching this film is bad unless it causes you to sin. Now, my reason for giving it three stars is not so much of the spiritual matter as it is that I just didn't care for the movie that much. Some of the content was a little cheesy, and it just wasn't epic enough. Maybe somewhere down the series, there will be something that catches my interest, but so far, I wouldn't call this one of my favorite movies of all time.
Delightful, Magical, Mysterious and Enchanting! Classic movie that began the beloved movie series, based on J.K. Rowling's enchanting book series, which sparked Harry Potter fans all over the globe, young, old and all in between. The movie version of the book is quite good for its time. With movie technology always advancing, it's impossible to compare The Sorcerer's Stone to movies a decade later. However, it is delightful, magical, mysterious and wonderful, just as Harry and his mates are in the book series. Well done!
Harry Potter & the Sorceror's Stone If you haven't seen this then you are missing out. Such an excellent story. I'm in my 30's and have seen it dozens of times as well as the others in the series. This movie follows the book almost exactly. Very well done.
Missing scenes! Oh thank goodness I wasn't the only one who noticed missing scenes! Like another reviewer, I too saw the ABC Family showing last December (and taped it on my DVR). So when I finally borke down and got the box-set last month, I was shocked that these important scenes were missing! Granted they are in the extra-dvd, but certainly would have been best to keep them in. This was also true for Chamber of Secrets (deleted scenes on extra dvd). Still, as a devoted 40-something fan of all that is HP, I would still recommend the movies (Azcaban is the best in the series of the films). Will be sad when the last book comes out...sigh...
Not as good as the book It is an ok movie to watch but if you read the books it's not that great. I'm okay about leaving little things out of the book, but this is too much. Because they cut out all the enjoyable parts of the book, like the midnight duel, when Harry and Hermione take Baby Norbert to the north tower, the potions logic challenge, etc. And where has Neville gone, he was very present in the book but not in this movie. The special affects are very bad compared to other movies too. What I'm trying to say is if you have never read the book you will probably find this enjoyable (because even with some of the most enjoyable scenes missing it is still has got some enjoyable parts) but if you read the book you will always prefer the book than this movie, it will still be enjoyable for you but you will always prefer reading the books. This is also not the kind of movie that you can watch again and again. It can get boring in a few times of watching.
The wonders of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I am 12 years old, and When I first read the books I was like the bigest fan of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. My favrote book is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. I hoped there would be a Movie to that? If there was I real wanted to be one of the actors. I have read all the books and have been wating for the 5th book to come out and the 2nd movie to come out. The person I thought was the best is Hermine Granger(Emma Waston.) Because, she was the smartest and cutest. If any of the actors of this movie or dractors that are reading this PLEASE try to give me a part in the seconed movie or any of the movies
Light and fun storytelling with superb acting Such an sweet tale of love, friendship and of course a little bit of magic. The story is good of course but it's the performance of many of the "professors" and "mentors" that make this film great to watch over and over.
Don't make me play games to find the missing scenes I'm a working mother, I do a lot of volunteer work, I spend quality and quantity time with my kids, and I simply do not have the time to play games (literally!) to find the missing scenes. Those, frankly, are the only reason I bought the CD, and it is extremely irksome to me (who stayed up til 1:45 a.m. working last night) that I can't simply view the scenes I bought and thought I had immediate access to. There should be a work-around for the many adult fans who actually have busy lives. This isn't a Sesame Street movie aimed only at toddlers, and I think the producers ought to have taken the sophistication of its audience into account in designing the special features of the CD. (It is also very annoying to have the Privet St. sign sail in and take up time every time you are, as I was, searching through the CDs for the missing scenes.)
Great Entertainment for Kids and Adults Very true to the book and great entertainment that both my 8 year-old daughter and I enjoyed equally. I think it might have been frightening if she hadn't first read the book. Excellent special effects, sets and costumes.
Good Movie Marred by Mediocre DVD The movie is good, widescreen is always nice, the bitrate is high, and enough other reviews have been written for content. But the DVD presentation drags the whole rating down. There appears to be a layer transition problem around 28:42. There is no director's commentary. The menu loads are overly long. Most of the extras really aren't that great. And, what is probably the best part of the extras, the deleted scenes, aren't even easily accessible without wasting twenty-five minutes of your life playing mini-games. Get the movie, but don't expect a good DVD design.
Poor Streaming What we were able to see of the movie was good. Unfortunately, the streaming quality and speed were so poor that we didn't get to see the entire movie. This is not an issue with Netflix and occurred over a two day period during which the movie kept stopping to buffer and eventually just quit. Because we only had this issue with Amazon, I don't believe it was a problem with our local connection or home equipment. Wasted $4.
Outstanding Sorcerer's Stone Ultimate Edition This Blu-Ray ultimate edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is just awesome. As a HP fan there's nothing more you can ask for the first movie. No, really. The three discs included in this edition are: • DISC 1 (Blu-Ray): Theatrical and Extended versions of the movie (extended version is 7 minutes longer), in-movie experience available for the Theatrical version • DISC 2 (Blu-Ray): Introduction by Daniel Radcliffe, documentary "Creating the World of Harry Potter - Part 1: The Magic Begins", international TV special "A Glimpse into the World of Harry Potter", additional scenes, comprehensive gallery of trailers and TV spots • DISC 3 (DVD): Special features for Sorcerer's Stone (BEWARE: this DVD is region 1, this means it can only be played in the US and Canada, unless you play it on a computer) • BONUS DIGITAL COPY (DVD): Useless, as the Digital Copy offer expired December 8, 2010. Collectibles: • 48-page photo book with images from years 1-7 • Two character cards (Harry Potter and Professor McGonagall) Audio for the Theatrical Version is DTS-HD Master Audio: English 6.1, Dolby Digital: Español 5.1 EX. For the Extended Version it's DTS-HD Master Audio: English 5.1, Dolby Digital: Español 5.1. Subtitles for both versions are English SDH and Español.
The Maze that is Harry All right, so the movie is awesome(as are the books). I love Harry, and Ron and Hermione are very cute together. I knowmany people say it is too much like the book-- I don't understand the problem with this. The book comes alive in this first installment. The DVD itself though, is very FRUSRSTING. It was so hard for me to find the deleted scenes that I had to go online to figure it out. I like the idea of making a quiz out of finding the scens, but the way it is set up is not very logical. So, the movie is great, but the DVD needs a bit more work.
Capture the Magic with Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone The First of so far four Harry Potter books introduces you the a boy whos family was killed by the evil Voldemort and by surviving Harry is made a hero in the wizarding world. Follow Harry on an adventure as he escapes his horrible Aunt and Uncle on a journey to Hogwarts: School of Magic and Wizardry. There he meets his best friend Ron apoor boy with a large well known family, Hermione the smart "mudblood" who keeps Harry on top of his school work as the tree of them go on many adventures trying to stop the Voldemort and to protect the Sorceror's Stone.
Adults will like it. Kids will love it. The movie itself is one of the best I have ever seen. The way that they come up with the special efects are amazing. They followed the book very closley. The parts of the book that where cut out where not needed to tell the story even to those who haven't read the books. Otherwise the movie would have been 4 hours. The secound disk is some what hard to follow if you are an adult. However this is a kids movie and it makes it fun for the kids to go through and they feel they have accomplished something when they get done.
saw 1 year too late Excellent movie! I saw this against my will at my aunt's house as there was nothing else on TV and I thought I would get to fall asleep early. I was tired. I never read the book and hate trends. Being Oppositionally Defiant, I definately protested this movie but gave in for a good snooze. I absolutely fell in love with this movie and needless to say stayed up until the credits rolled; rewinding parts my aunt talked through. I'm 31 years old and feel that this is a movie for the ages. This is a definate must see!!!!!
This movie is so much fun! Between an excellent story, brilliant young actors, and awesome effects I enjoyed this movie fully! The young lady who plays Hermoine is an absolute scene stealer, I'd never seen her before but she brought her character to life charmingly. As an elementary teacher I hear my students and parents speak very enthusiastically about this film as well. I know there is some religious controversy at times, which makes no sense because the movie is not about any religious aspect of Witchcraft, it is just a fun fantasy.
A Nicole Review In this enchanting film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's delightful bestseller, Harry Potter learns on his 11th birthday that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards and posseses magical powers of his own. At Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime. He learns the high-flying sport Quidditch and plays a thrilling game with living chess pieces on his way to face a Dark Wizard bent on destroying him. For the most extraordinary adventure, see you on Platform 9 3/4!
A great movie This movie was very well done. It had a sensible story and awesmome special effects. The acting was also great. It is one of the most "true to the book" movie based movie that I'd ever seen. The other DVD is cool also. It has tons of extras. My only complaint is, is that it's rediculously long. Man! I wouldn't reccomend this movie to kids who ccan't stay still. May be 10 and up. This is a very well done fantasy film worth noting. Go out and get Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone today!
Don't we wish we lived in Harry Potters world This is an excellent translation of a loved book into a good movie. Perhaps I am too old (being 50 this year) but I think the reviews posted miss the point. I have read the books. The movie does an amazingly good job of translating a complex story to movie form. I have seen too many book to screen translations that did not work. The screenwriter has an unusual sympathy for characters and with the director/editor does a great job of communicating the story as well at setting the stage for future stories.
Exciting as ever It's amazing all of the things you miss when you watch these for the first time. My husband and i are going through these one by one and really enjoying them. Makes the story better when you see them in sequence.
Good Movie! But DVD is a joke... I enjoyed this movie IMMENSELY... i thought that in the alotted time they were able to capture the essence of the book...and go through as many plot twists as they could... so if i only had to rate the movie it would be 5 stars... for the dvd... it's a joke... there is nothing particularly special about it... in an ordinary dvd... if you wanted to see the deleted scenes... NO PROBLEM... here it is like you're hacking into some secret computer... i was fairly disappointed by the dvd's extra features
A Child's POV My 8 year old watched this after reading the book and rated it. She was thrilled to watch the story come to life and thought the crew did an amazing job! She found it very life-like. On the other hand, she was disappointed that so many details were missing. I tried explaining that all book-to-movie renditions do this, but alas, she insisted on 4 stars only. Still, she's looking forward to the next book and movie!
A very enjoyable way to spend your time. This movie is great. Fun to watch for child and adult alike. I loved the book and had to watch. Though there are some differences, the movie is very true to the book (as two hours of visual entertainment can be). I feel they captured the true essence of the characters. Casting could not have been better. The visual effects are fantastic. I love how the game of Quidditch was brought to the screen and the cute Fluffy.... Do your self a favor, board the harry Potter train and enjoy!
A pleasant surprise! I never read any of the Potter books and really had no intention of. My friends all told me they were great but I thought they were for children for some odd reason. So I picked up the movie and was surprised that the movie was well done. It was entertaining and very interesting. I thought the effects were great and even though it was up against Lord of the Rings I think it stands on it's own as a good movie. If you like fantasy and friendly characters definately pick this one up.
Can't wait for more! I had never read any of the books before I saw this movie, so I didn't have any idea what I was in for. Despite being written as a "children's story," I was as captivated by this fantastical world as my children. We've seen the movie countless times, and now I'm in the process of reading the books to my kids. The extras aren't as great as I'd like, but my kids beg to go through them time after time. Overall, I'd say this is an excellent DVD for the whole family.
Great Adaptation of the Book! I thought that this movie did a great job bringing the novel to life. Actually seeing Diagon Alley and Hogwarts was great! However, as I have found in the past, books are almost always better than the movie, and this is no exception. Although the movie was great...the book was so much better. There are just so many more intricate details in the book that you just don't get in the movie...hence the 4 stars. All together a great movie, and a must see for any Harry Potter fan!
Fantastic packaging of hte movie and extras This Ultimate Edition of hte movie is EXCELLENT. It includes about 8 minutes of materiel that I had never seen before. The extra features are there from the origional package, plus more. Great job, Warner Bros.!
OK... but disapointing When I went to the Movie theater on the first day of opening I was expecting to have just the amazing-est 2hours and a half of my life. Instead, I stood up few times, got myself coke and hotdogs, (which are expensive) and impatient that nothing in ME moved. When I came home, I re-read the book, and discovered what was lacking-- the display of emotions and humor that packs the pages in the book. Like when Harry invisions himself as the game-keeper assistance after being expelled from Hogwarts. Like when Hermione flings herself to Harry, and says "You're a great wizard." Not to mention all the songs and funny verses that was in the book. I believe if they did an arousing "Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy, warty, Hogwarts" Like in the book, with a charming tune to it, it would have been so much better. No songs to remember, no place to really laugh, and no place to really cry, makes a not-so-good movie, in my opinion. Yes, the picture was great, but I value the content, not the outside.
Enjoyed Enjoyed. There was a lot going on and a lot of names to keep up with. Overall, however; I found it quite enjoyable. (It was a little scary, at times, or some would just say 'suspenseful'. My 11 year old loved it. I'm over 50 and just deciding that I don't mind us watching the series, together.
Okay I am a huge Harry Potter fan. i absolutely love Harry Potter and I think it's one of the best series for all ages. However, some things in this movie just don't work. Emma Watson's acting, for one. I know she was like, 10, when she made this movie, but it's some of the worst acting I'd ever seen. The special effects weren't great, but Chris Columbus followed the books perfectly, and overall, it wasnt so bad. Especially since it was the first movie and all.
My favorite Harry Potter film! This film has been criticized for being a too literal translation, but personally, I appreciated that. This film was my first introduction into the world of Harry Potter, and I have to say, after watching this film, I was smitten. This is by far - my favorite Harry Potter film. The film was captivating, and I devoured the world presented. I had to read the books, after watching the film. Love the spectacle. Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall’s fortuitous and grievous discussion. The many owls attempting to deliver an invitation. Harry's joy in the discovery that he is a wizard, awed by the wonders of Diagon Alley, and his initial embrace of Hedwig. Ron Weasley and Harry Potter form an instant friendship. Professor Snape is mysterious and hateful. This film sets the bar. Again, this film is my favorite of the entire series.
Magical My son told me for years that I should read this series. He was absolutely right! I loved this first book of the Harry Potter series and can't wait to read the rest. It is a terrific read for all ages.
You gotta see this movie! If you have never read the Harry Potter books, then watch this movie. It tries to stay true to the book that it is based on, although there a few artistic liberties here and there. This does not make me mad in the least, if you get the dvd edition, you will see 7 deleted scenes that didn't make it to the theatre (although they are on disk 2, and you do have to work for them), but it is worth it. For those of you that do not like this movie, then I say you haven't seen it. And if you have seen it and still don't like it, then this is my opinion that I am giving. Either way, I didn't want to spoil the movie for those who may buy it.
A Magical Tale Even if you didn't read the book, this movie is still great. It is great for kids to adults. Its a movie the whole family will enjoy. Although, some material in it may be inappropriate for little children, as there are some scary moments in it. I think its probably best for 8 and up. Otherwise, its a great movie you will want to watch over and over again. It's also got some great behind the scenes special features. This makes a great gift.
Fantastic!! I first watched this movie when I was 11 after reading the book. I think this one is one of the best of all the movies at staying true to the book. I've watched all the movies more times than I can count and 13 years later I can still say that this is still the best movie (not best overall) at following the storyline of the book.
The debut of Harry Potter "The Sorceror's Stone" is the first of the eight Harry Potter movies, based on the seven books by J.K. Rowling. The whole series is one grand epic. Each installment is on the level of the age of the primary characters. So, while the first is a grand adventure, by the end of the last, it's a full-scale war. Due note should be taken.
Extremely Impressed with Amazon Hello everyone! I purchased a rental viewing of this movie because I was looking for a convenient way to watch it. I was having some difficulty viewing it on my browser as it would keep buffering and stuttering but I didn't really mind it since these things happen, no big deal. However, Amazon noticed that I didn't have a solid viewing experience so they took the liberty to go out of their way and contact me and give me a refund. I am extremely impressed with their level of professionalism to make sure each and every customer walks away satisfied with their experience. Thank you Amazon!
A mom and educator responds to the Harry Potter phenomena. Amazing to watch Harry grow up throughout the 8 film series, then go back and watch the film that began the phenomena. As a former elementary school teacher and principal, I have witnessed students learn to love to read because of the "Harry Potter" books. My own children had me at the BAM book store at the stroke of midnight to be one of the first to get the books as they were released (pre-purchased of course!). When the movies were released, our whole family had read the books and could hardly wait to watch our "friends" live through each ordeal.
I Can't Believe I use to Hate this Movie! Well, Ididn't hate it, It's just that when it hit theaters 3 years ago, I wasn't really Interested, But My brother Thought it was good so I was forced to see. After I thought it was good and blah blah blah. Now I'm Looking forward for the NEW Movie (Coming Summer or Spring of 2007) This movie is good but the Next 3 are better. Still, A good movie to get Thinks started, If your interested for the first time. Any Way 5.5/5!
Amazing There's really nothing much to say but... AMAZING! The additional scenes is a goldmine... a treasure any potter fan who wants to absorb every iota of magic the films (along with the books) have to offer.
One of my favourite movies of all time One of my favourite movies of all time :) I loved the story line, the characters and the twists :) Was glued until the end :) My 11 year old daughter and I run the Harry Potter Marathon every month :) Watched it a gazillion times and will continue to do so Xxx
Changed my life! Nothing is, or even will be as amazing as Harry Potter. This is the most brilliant story even written. I've read all of the books and have seen all of the movies about 100 times each. Growing up as a child with not the easiest upbringing, these movies/books have changed my life. They gave me another world to escape to when I couldn't handle my own. Some people may not understand the extent of how much this story has changed my life, but it did. Harry Potter is a young boy who lives with his Aunt and Uncle after his parents are murdered. He lives under their staircase and is treated like their servant. He thinks he is "just harry", an ordinary nothing boy with a miserable life. That is until someone comes along and tells him that he is in fact one of the most important people of all. This story can give hope to even the saddest of children and it is a shame that there is anyone out there that hasn't read/seen Harry Potter. I'd give it 1000 stars if I could. Anyone reading this that has no idea what this story is about, GO READ OR WATCH IT!! You won't regret it :)
Not terrible, could have been a lot better I'm giving it three stars partly because of the expectation it had to live up to. Ultimately I found this movie to be just ok. What it clearly was not, was a labor of love. Everything about it was just ok. Acting could have been better - overall it came off as very flat. Scripting could have been better. Casting could have been better. The whole ambiance of the movie was rather milquetoast. It could have been edgier, the ambiance, camera angles, music, scenery all seemed to lack a dimension. All in all, a rather dull but certainly adequate product. I hope one day somebody redoes this movie, somebody not pressed like the makers of this movie were, but who will consider it a real labor of love. It skipped about half the material in the book: there was only one Quidditch match and no late night trip to the tower, the whole dragon thing was massively compressed, no exams, minimized scenes with the Dursleys, you never get to know what's going on in Harry's mind, but there was just enough to make the story complete with the same basic story line and ending.
As a new author I've read my favorite books over and over I read this series all the way through at least once a year. I own all the movies but have to say besides "The Sorcerer Stone" the movies have nothing on the books. As a new author I've read my favorite books over and over. The Harry Potter series has been my favorite as J.K. Rollin not only gave us a great twist on magic but created a storyline that ties into itself by book seven. If you have never read these books and tell yourself. I've seen the movies, I would say read the books. If you enjoyed the movies the books will blow your mind even further. Harry Potter challenged me as a author to write my own unique twist to magic. I would like to thank J.K. Rollin for setting the bar for all new fantasy authors.
Just great wordds cant describe it Wow, wow and wow what a movie. Being a fan of the books I could not wait to see this movie and when I did I was just blown away. One of the best films ever it's jsut great. You will be sucked into the world from start to finish. the acting is great the story is great it's jsut a great film. It's one movie you can watch over and over again and not get tired of it. The best film of the year.
a fair movie This movie, though enjoyable, is deffinately below the standards set by the actual Harry Potter Books by J. K. Rowling. There are some good effects, but the movie in itself is rather kiddish. Deffinatly enjoyable, but not a really blockbuster. I did enjoy it, but I would suggest renting it before actual purchase. The following two movies are deffinatly better than this one.
A Harry Potter fan's dream come true Loaded with extras, including new documentaries and an extended cut of the film, these Ultimate Editions have everything a fan could want (aside from a commentary although the In-Movie Experience should be close.) Films 1 and 2 will be getting this special treatment with the remaining six films to follow (book 7 is going to be two films.) A must for any fan of the Harry Potter series!
Surprisingly good First of all, my 3 year old loves this movie. The first time he saw it, he was scared a little. The monster that looks like shrek is fascinating to him and ofcourse quidditch is exactly what all little boys want to see. Flying in brooms playing sports and being a hero on the field. I read the books and I expected the movie to fall short and I was very surprised that it was good.
Absolutely loved it! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Watched it with my 6 year old daughter and she loved it. A little scared of the monsters and trolls and wizard chess pieces but she sat through it all and enjoyed it thoroughly. Now our problem is how soon can we get to the next one...
Love! The first of a truly magical series! The extended edition is really fun. It's neat to have all of the deleted scenes added into the movie at the appropriate places instead of just an extra feature at the end.
I absolutely love this story and the books I absolutely love this story and the books. This movie brings all things "Potter" to life, but as is the case with most movies, there just isn't enough time to show all the fine details, and this movie deviates from the original plot of the book a bit.
Recommended flick Admittedly, I've not read the books; therefore, my opinion is based solely on the movie presentation. The story line is fantastic and held my attention through the entirety...which is not always the case for me. The acting and scripts were superb. The special effects and CGI...well, the movie is 14 years old now. You can definitely tell they used outdated technology (the Quiditch match is rather comical because of this). To be fair, I did not spring for the HD version and that probably had some baring on the movie quality, but a cartoon-ish Harry is a still cartoon-ish whether it's HD or not! That being said, I would recommend this movie. It's also family friendly. The darker aspects of this movie were not so dark that it would scare our first grade child. And I am diligent about monitoring what our child watches.
GREAT!! 13th december 2003. This film is ace, not quite as good as the second, but certainly better than the book. I didn't like the book i thought it was boring. This film is a MUST SEE. Great action and great magic. All though it is not real, i thought that it was great how they did it. It would be ace if magic was real, then you could use wands. I have watched this film lots of times, and never got fed up with it. I hope number three comes out soon, i am dying to see it. If you like films with magic, you will like this film.
Happy Harry Wonderful DVD for almost all ages. This is a charming tale beautifully told. The characters are endearing and well crafted. My wife and I surprisingly watch it again and again. If it has any weaknesses it has to be the special features section. The pulsed video effect and clunky interface was disappointing. Take my advice and just skip the "tours".
Movie Excellent, Special Features Complicated WARNING: the three is for the hassle of special features..not the movie itself If you liked the movie...Good. I assume most of you know about it, and I am not going to give you details. What I will say it that the extra features are time consuming and complicated. The deleted scenes require you to find hidden "eastereggs", such as clicking the key in Diagon Ally's Gingotts bank, buying a wand, going back to menu, through all sorts of hidden tasks to finally see the deleted scenes. And if you hit the wrong button...you have to start all over again. AND you must do this every time you put the DVD in to see most of the extra features. Go to dvdeastereggs.com and they will give you more explict instructions on how to accomplish these tasks. The very interactive DVD is well and good for children, but if you'e an adult, until you remember the sequeces and orders you must go through to see anything, expect to be frustrated.
The Movie--With Tons Of Lame Extras! Good Lord. Now, I liked the Harry Potter movie, so this is mainly a rant on the inaccessibility of the DVD version: Disc 2 is loaded with a bunch of useless stuff, and it's nigh-on impossible to get to the deleted scenes (which I was dying to see). If you get this turkey and want the nice extras, be prepared to jump through hoops just to find them.
Lived up to my expectations I had read the book and was quite pleasantly surprised at how well done the movie was. Yes, it left out things that it would have been nice to see but a movie can only be so long. I was quite impressed by the actors, especially the kids. They looked just like I pictured them. The sets and costumes were great. I can't wait for future movies.
ATTENTION MUGGLES! FOr an all around MAGICAL adaption "You're a WIZARD, Harry." The beginning of a fairy tale of a coming of age story crossed neatly with Joseph Campbell's Hero cycle. It's truly hard to imagine the characters today as separate literary entities from their long-time screen counterparts introduced here, much less without the great John Williams ubiquitous film score. Seriously, it's a strong first outing for the Wizard franchise, thanks in no small part to Williams' perfect score. Overall, a fairly true adaptation of the novel (but no mention of Hogwarts' Quidditch Cup, only the House Cup and some classes missing that I'd have enjoyed a glimpse at, like History of Magic.) I only wish Terry Gilliam had actually gotten to direct it (imagine the swarms of CATS & OWLS at Kings Cross). Casting perfection across the board with the kids and adults, Robbie Coltrane (who I totally thought of as Hargrid after that bit as the Ghost of Christmas past in Blackadder), Maggie Smith rocks it as Prof McGongall, the late great Richard Harris is my second dream-casting choice, I wanted Peter O'toole for Dumbledore, I wish Alan Rickman had kept his 80's signature Die Hard beard for Snape, too. Warwick Davis' Prof Flitwick make-up seems too much, but it doesn't hinder an excellent performance in the Levitation lesson. Chris Columbus directs here, notice the similarities between this and an early project he wrote: Young Sherlock Holmes, I believe JK may have found inspiration there.
Awesome movie Hands down this is an awesome movie it keeps you in aw the whole time watching. The music is great, the characters are also great, and even the whole story of it is great. I can't wait to see the next one that comes out I would expect it to be as good if not better than this one. I would recomend this movie to anyone adults and children.
Awesome All three of my kids love this one! Its a keeper.....
Enchanting Lovely film for children and adults. I had never wanted.to see this (I am by nature a contrarian.) My aunt had given me books 2, 3 & 4 but I put off reading then for years as I was 17 at the time and frankly insulted by the gift. A friend of my wife's forced the film on me. So glad she did, I was enchanted with the world it presented in spite of myself. Whom would not have loved to at least spend a few days at Hogwart's at 11 years old.
Harry's Marvelous Adventure Normally, Hollywood takes a great book like this, and totally mucks it up on the screen. This film is a pleasant and excellent exception. The casting of the three friends--Harry, Hermoine, and Ron--is perfect, and the film retains all of the charm of the book. Never in my life have I seen a film that so closely follows the novel.
Lotsa Fun Didn't download properly--but Amazon came through, helped me get it downloaded and then re-started the "clock" so I actually had a bit more time than I'd paid for. And as always their rep was a pleasure to work with. All in all I really enjoyed this.
I thought it was pretty good This movie actually surprised me. I have not been a fan of the Harry Potter series. I haven't read the books at all, and quite frankly I don't really understand the hype about the books. However, I thought that the movie was well made. From reading the reviews, it sounds like a number of people are dissapointed in the movie and prefer the books. However, no movie (not even Lord of the Rings, fellow reviewers) that is based on a book will ever follow the book exactly. I think that if you buy this movie, you will not be disappointed. It's fun to watch, and now I may even want to read the books. Enjoy!
Exactly what I expected. I grew up with Harry Potter, and now my son is experiencing the magic for himself. As he finishes each book, I am buying the ultimate edition movie for him. This set was perfect. We will enjoy the extras for years to come.
Good movie, great store The movie is great but I had a hard time getting it to keep playing. There was a lot of buffering but I see Amazon already sent me an email saying they are crediting my account because of this. Amazon you ROCK!
Something we can enjoy together. Bought this so I could watch with my Godchild. A bit old for a 5 year old but leads to many a conversation and explanation for her. Hope to introduce her to all of the series. Something we can enjoy together.
Hooked on Harry Loved the first movie and decided to read the book. Became hooked and anxiously await #7. Even convinced husband to read series, only reads tech, mechanial & sports literature also became hooked. We have actually read most of them twice, which he has never done. by the way, we are grandparents and I am an avid reader.
ALREADY A CLASSIC! This movie, well you know the story, an orphan kid that becames a wizard!, parents were killed by a great dark wizard, that for some strange reason let Potter live, this is a classic fantasy that will drive you away to another world, what a pleasure to watch movies like this done, great script and acting, worth it!
brilliant! this is an excellent film, and even though it is not as good as the book it is a good movie version, compared to other books made into films. harry potter and the philosophers (sorcerers) stone is an excellent movie, to be enjoyed by people of all ages. if you loved the books, you will like this to!
As was the book... The movie edition of this wonderful first installment in the Harry Potter series finally brings the imagined word pictures to life. Wonderfully directed, artistically put together, this great movie is good for everyone. One suggestion- always read the book before you watch any movie. Reading is knowledge.
Classic Beginning for the Series We watched this movie again after some many years and loved it all over again. Makes some of us feel much older, though, even those who were the same age as the principal actors in their first of many films. Truly a wonderful production and sets the bar very high for the rest to come.
Great movie I love all of the Harry Potter movies, but this is still my favorite. It is nice to have on BR. I did notice that the dates on the insert for the Digital Copy have expired, I have not tried to use it yet so I am not sure if that will be a problem or not, but thought I would mention it for other consumers to be aware of.
Love this movie Love this movie. I should probably just buy it. As has been talked about a lot, they do not follow the books as closely as we all would like, but they are entertaining in their own right. Worth a watch any time.
Visual Awe Vaults It Even Over Book If you watch "Sorcerer's Stone" without reading the book first, there are certain narrative points that you will miss or not quite be as clear on (as usual). However, watching the movie closely following the reading experience will actually expand upon the Potter myth (I gave the first book four stars) due to this film's ability to lay the groundwork of the series in such stunning visuals and characters. For a basic plot summary, "Sorcerer's Stone" sees young Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) living with his aunt and uncle and being mistreated horribly (sleeping in a closet under the stairs, told how rotten he is all the time, etc.). Right before his 11th birthday, however, Harry begins receiving letters from a mysterious owl (as well as a visit from a rather large gentleman riding a flying motorcycle) informing him that he is in fact from wizard lineage. Thus, Harry is whisked away to Hogwarts, a "Wizard Academy" of sorts, to begin his training. While at Hogwarts, Harry meets new friends Ron (Rupert Grint) & Hermoine (Emma Watson) as well as discovers the mystery behind the death of his parents regarding a shadowy character called Voldemort. In terms of following the novel, this film does a pretty good job of keeping in lock-step. There are certain scenes that are excised for time/continuity and a few "facts" from the book that are blatantly different from the movie, but other than that it is a great representation. In fact, in a departure from the norm, I actually enjoyed the movie experience better than the book. Why? Because of the way it was able to so wonderfully put a visual to all the great characters. For some, the "mystery is gone" when they see their literary characters up on the big screen, but in this case I was very pleased to put a face to all these great characters. The movie also has (just like the book) a sense of "epic-ness" to it. It is very clear that this is only the beginning of an epic series, with more and more mysteries and character development to come. Thus, "Sorcerer's Stone" is a great cinematic experience that will leave you wanting more as soon as it concludes. The mysteries and characters are paced perfectly, and the story (as it is geared for young adults in the first place) is easy enough to latch onto while nuanced enough to get sucked into.
We used Amazon streaming to watch and it was very poor quality. The film literally froze every 5 seconds ... We are huge HP fans and luckily have seen this movie previously. We used Amazon streaming to watch and it was very poor quality. The film literally froze every 5 seconds through the entire movie. The video quality was "fuzzy". I'm not sure what was going on here. The movie itself is a wonderful adaptation of the book, but something is definitely wrong with Amazon streaming.
It is the movie that will take the most getting used to If you read the Harry Potter books before seeing the movies, this is the one that will take a lot to get used to. Then you will get a feel for how much they have to cut from the books to make the movie, and get used to the characters etc. After that movies are almost perfect. The special effects are amazing, the casting was great and as you probably know the story is very very good. The only drawback to this film is that the kids were so young, and so inexperienced as actors that their performances were very forced at times. Luckily those who did the casting found actors who could learn quickly and develop great skills so that even by the second movie they had their characters down and really became those characters. Of course all of the adult casting was great. Snape is played perfectly by Alan Rickman, and Richard Harris was perfect as Dumbledore. The only bad thing about the movies was that he passed away before they were complete and the actor they brought in to replace him was just not the same. He played him differently, and did not give the character the same feel as Harris did. All in all, this movie sets up the series well. It introduces the characters, blends the humor with elements of the dark material that would come in the subsequent films and told the story from the book as well as could have been done. There are portion of even the first book that had to be cut out, and as the books got longer and longer more would have to be cut. The Ultimate Edition, while giving an extended version of the movie does not replace much of the material that was cut from the book, just enhances the theatrical version of the film. The big ticket item on the Ultimate Edition are the extras, specifically the five part documentary series that is the focus of the second disk. In this set it is Creating the World of Harry Potter. They talk about finding the cast, filming and how they created Howart's, the Quidditch arena, the various locations used etc. Not just in the first movie, but throughout the series. You also get things like the trailers, TV spots, Deleted Scenes, and a bunch of interactive content. If you love the books and want to get the most out of the movies you can than this is a must have for your collection. Even though it is probably the weakest of all the movies, it is still an excellent film.
A DREAM COME TRUE! AHHHH, DIGITAL FLICKS... NO MORE VHS/DVD/BLUE-RAY MADNESS!!! IM IN HEAVEN!!!! I ADORE U AMAZON.COM U MAKE MY SHOPPING EXPIERENCE COVINENT AS EVER AND SAFE. NEVER BEEN LET DOWN, I DONT SEE IT EVER HAPPENING.
It's Harry Potter! What more is there to say ... It's Harry Potter! What more is there to say? My 7 year-old just got into the series and has already read books 1-3. Having previously read the Sorcerer's Stone he was able to completely follow the movie despite the obvious necessity of shortcuts. Originally he was reluctant to watch the movie because he thought it might be too scary. A school classmate of his convinced him it wasn't scary so he watched it. He wasn't scared at all. I think he's watched it 3 times now.
LIKE THE EXTENDED EDITION ENJOYED THE EXTENDED EDITION. WOULD LIKE TO PURCHASE THE ADDITIONAL DVD'S HOWEVER ONLY TWO HAVE THE EXTENDED EDTIONS, THIS ONE AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS. WHAT A WASTE. I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO PURCHASE GOBLET OF FIRE HOVEVER NONE OF THE OTHER DVD'S HAVE THE EXTENDED EDITION.
Entertaining movie for adults, but not for really young kids This movie is for the fans of the Harry Potter books, and Columbus says he tried to make it as faithful to the book as possible. Well, they excluded a whole lotta stuff. Such as: Where did Peeves go? What about the Potion challenge to reach the Stone? What about meeting Malfoy in Diagon Alley? Seeing as this is a children's movie, which means that their attention spans can only hold so long, I agree with some of this, except for Peeves, who I think could have provided a lot of slapstick entertainment for the kiddies. I am the Harry Potter fan and anyone who says the yare is a pretender to the throne. Tell me how many staircases there are at Hogwarts. Huh? Can you? Well, it's 142. Anyway, back to the review. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe, doing a B performance in an A movie) is a lonely little boy who is one day given a letter that he is accepted at a school for magic kids. Harry learns from a big guy named Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane, better in Bond) that he is famous because a Dark wizard tried to kill him, but did not succeed, instead leaving a lightning shaped cut on his forehead. At school, Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris, maybe they'll replace him with Ian McKellen) helps Harry to understand the magical world, and Hermione (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grint, looking like Sam to Harry's Frodo), his friends, provide sympathetic support for Harry (as well as comic relief). They try to stop the robbery of a magical Stone that turns people immortal, through a long sequence of fighting realistic looking monsters, playing a game like rugby on broomsticks, and treating the whole deal like it's a mystery, researching in the library and so on. They do make enemies, such as Snape (Alan Rickman), a sinister, greasy-haired Potions professor, and Malfoy (Tom Felton) an equally sinister, greasy-haired little whelp who prides himself on almost everything and thinks Harry's a jerk to hang around with Mudbloods (magic people with Muggle [non-magic] parents) and the Weasleys, who are apparently so poor they are a disgrace to magic-blooded people. The CGI is absolutely excellent. The Quidditch is absolutely real and you are all tense about half the time, wincing with this fear that some kid is going to fall about two hundred feet and break his neck in a million places. In fact, two kids do fall from high heights during the match, but no blood is shown. In fact, they seem to be all right, but maybe that's why we don't see them for the rest of the film, heh heh heh... Anyway, the CGI. The three-headed dog is one scary pit bull terrier (I think that's what he is, he may be a black Lab mixed with a bulldog) andwhenver it starts growling, you'll say, "Nice doggies, or are you one doggy?" Well, maybe not. Hogwarts, in all its stair-revolving, portrait-chatting glory, is quite a sight, and when Voldemort comes out of the- no, I will not spoil it for you. The troll looks right, but he doesn't look like something that could exist. They should have made him a little more like the cave troll from Lord of the Rings. His clothes were a little odd, too. The goblins, although not any huge accomplishment, are great. But the real deal is the giant chess match. That is one mean ches match. If you have not read the books, picture a bunch of ten-foot tall chess pieces, looking like real medieval warriors, swinging swords and maces and shattering the opposing pieces into little stone fragments. It is SWEET! This movie sadly came out in a year where it had a lot of competition. Lord of the Rings will draw in more money (but not a whole lot more) and Shrek, Ice Age and Monster's Inc will appeal to the kids more once they're out on DVD. However, adults should go and see it (yes, there is some adult-level humor) and they will enjoy themselves. Once I got this on DVD, I saw it and the Lord of the Rings first movie back-to-back. I honestly liked Lord of the Rings more, but then I'm a twelve-year-old and I live for action. This movie is a good movie for the holidays. Lord of the Rings is not, due in part to the enormous amount of bloodshed. It does have touching moments, but Harry Potter is just more light-hearted. It's all up to you.
"Are you doing magic? Let's see then" Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (bizarrely the Philosopher has transfigured himself into a Sorcerer in the USA) is a children's movie with a difference. Thanks to the creative genius of J. K. Rowling, the judicious use of some excellent British actors, and an enormous budget, this is a film that treats its young viewers with respect. Instead of the usual schmaltzy children's fare, Harry Potter (notwithstanding a few minor aberrations) thankfully doesn't descend into the saccharine. On the contrary, it is a highly original and very entertaining trip into the hitherto infrequently visited realm of magic. To the many readers of the Harry Potter series of novels, the storyline will come as no surprise and the movie is very faithful to the book. Despite prior knowledge of the plot nullifying the film's suspense somewhat, the mise-en-scene created is a veritable visual feast. The extensive use of computer animation is largely superb - the first trip across the lake to Hogwarts is awe-inspiring, Quidditch is excitingly brought to life, and the three-headed dog is certainly as scary as Rowling could have wished - although there are occasional clunky effects, such as the entrance to Diagon Alley. The makeup too is outstanding, as evidenced by the alarmingly real goblin bankers at Gringotts. Despite the movie's 2 ½ hour length, it is relatively pacy as it follows Harry's discovery of the magician within himself, and his deadly duel with the greatest dark wizard of all time. Together with the help of his friends Ron and Hermione he battles mountain trolls, bewitched broomsticks, and a brutal but visually stunning game of wizard's chess. After all this excitement, the final showdown with the evil Voldemort is almost anti-climactic. Nevertheless, overall this is a spellbinding movie - in more ways than one.
Warner Bros You Dropped the Snitch Harry Potter was one of the big event movies of 2001, and its massive box office and popularity showed the world that kids do still read books "on occasion". For the uninitiated, Harry Potter is the story of a boy who discovers he is the heir to a proud tradition of magic, and travels to Hogwarts, the school for witchcraft and wizardry. The movie is a very faithful adaptation of the novel, and also showed the world that directors can successfully adapt novels and remain faithful to the source. Perhaps though, Harry Potter is a little too faithful. The movie tells the story competently, but does not add anything new or insightful. Basically, what you see is what you get, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. Either way, however, I feel the movie did not justify it's long running time. While I'll admit I can't offer any suggestions offhand of where the movie might be trimmed, I do believe that a slimmer, more compact screenplay could've been written. Perhaps if the film had an exciting climax I might have forgiven this, but it doesn't. I can only imagine how annoyed those who didn't read the novels felt after two and a half hours when the movie ended rather anti-climatically. All in all, Harry Potter is still a very good movie. I wouldn't call it the next "Wizard of Oz" (like the DVD's packaging does), but it definitely has potential to make a very good franchise. Speaking of the packaging, this is where Warner Bros. really dropped the snitch. For those not in the know, Warner Bros. is one of the most reviled DVD producers of the major film companies. For awhile, many feared that Warner Bros. would package Harry Potter in one of its cheap, cardboard snapper cases, using a double-sided disc. While this was thankfully not the case, the results are definitely a disappointment. The packaging is still made of cardboard, with the discs being held in those awkward plastic boards ala Simpsons or Moulin Rouge. Considering that the movie is aimed at children, WB could've made sure the package was a little more child-friendly. But more importantly, especially for a two-disc set, the extras are sorely lacking. The majority of disc two is taken up by point and click "interactive" games that unlock the deleted scenes. I don't know who at Warner Bros thought the "target audience" would appreciate this, but my brother and sister are part of that audience, and they were left severly frustrated trying to access the deleted scenes. Besides those scenes, there is a mini featurette and a trailer or two, but almost nothing else. No commentaries, no special effects documentaries, interviews with J.K. Rowling, NOTHING. Harry Potter may use two discs, but only one was really needed. Warner needs to learn how to produce a proper two-disc special edition. As a movie, Harry Potter is worth the purchase. It's overly long, but still enjoyable. Just understand that you're basically paying for the movie, and very little else.
Magical...and not just for the kids! I'm an 18-year-old fan of the Harry Potter books and I absolutely loved this movie! I know the movies will never be able to compare to the books, but they are good for what they are. Some people will say that The Lord of the Rings films are more for the mature, older audience but I'd say teenagers and adults can enjoy both movies! I know I did. Some people said that the child actors in the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone movie did not do a good acting job, but I think they did very well. In fact, I believe that the casting was done perfectly...and I hope they don't replace any of these actors for the future films like I heard one rumor claim on the internet. The special effects were superb...I already bought the dvd, and it's great. Even though it looks confusing to get to all the special bonus footage and deleted scenes, you can go to the harrypotter.com website and you will find the instructions on how to make your way to the deleted scenes and bonus footage. The film is pretty faithful to the novel, though of course they had to cut out some parts of the book, mostly due to timing. Did I mention how great the child actors were? Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, and Tom Felton were all wonderful and kept the film alive and had great chemistry. They're young and this is the first feature film for most of them, so be nice. Chris Columbus did a great job with the directing and I'm sad to learn that he is only going to be directing Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and then he's not going to direct anymore. Oh well, at least he'll still be producing the others. I'm glad Columbus decided to direct the Sorcerer's Stone because he was the one who wanted to be as faithful as possible to the novel. Some directors who wanted to direct these movies wanted to change the story completely...Harry Potter as an American wizard and going to Hollywood High! Now THAT would've totally [messed] up the story. And some directors wanted to cast Haley Joel Osment as Harry Potter. Now as much as I like Osment, he is no Harry Potter. Daniel Radcliffe was a MUCH better choice. I feel sorry for all those people who decided that they hated this movie and are not going to see the others. I know you have your own opinions but this is only the first one. If you've read all the books then you already know the more interesting, more exciting stuff happens in the rest of the books. So you can't really judge the movies until you've seen all of them! The movie did not ruin the books...it made them better. I hope all the movies will make the books better and take you deeper into the story of Harry Potter. Job well done, and I'm highly anticipating the await of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets...can't wait to see Ron and Harry get to Hogwarts in that flying car!:-)
A MARVELOUS BEGINNING For a lot of reasons, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is probably a tempting movie to criticize. After all, there is almost nothing a critic hates more than a film that is practically - baring some unforgivable act of gross incompetence - a guaranteed success, despite anything he or she might happen to write about it. At any rate, while some may quibble with the notion that Sorcerer's Stone is too much like the book that inspired it, the upside for moviegoers is that neither Rowling nor director Christopher Columbus have forgotten the film's primary audience: young readers between the ages of 12 - 16. For those whose parents read the book to them, the age may actually drop a bit below that. For the most part, as every parent knows, it is an audience frequently patronized with the worst sort of infantile pap imaginable, sometimes inundated with coarse language and gratuitous violence, or simply ignored altogether. Columbus, to his credit, does none of the above. In remaining true to his audience, Columbus has, in fact, delivered a film for all of us. It is obvious Columbus knows, for instance, that a young audience wants to see on the screen what it read in the book. In pursuit of this goal, Columbus and screenwriter Steve Kloves have fashioned characters and settings true to the letter and the spirit of the novel. The characters, especially, strike just the right chord of familiarity. Certainly, we all know that familiarity can wander over the line into disinterested comfort. Remarkably, the characters in Sorcerer's Stone never do. Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid, for instance, looks just as we expect him to. More important, he radiates a warmth and trust that serves as a secure anchor in those moments when events seem to be spinning out of control. As good as Hagrid is in the book, Coltrane's Hagrid is more vivid on the screen. Which brings us to the performance of Daniel Radcliffe in the role of Harry Potter. At first glance, Radcliffe seems reticent and withdrawn, hidden behind a gauze curtain, an uncertain hero. Yet we cannot forget that Harry Potter is an eleven year-old orphan whose parents have been murdered. He is a foundling whose caretakers resent his existence and actively disapprove of everything he is and, worse, in their own eyes, everything he will become. He is forced to sleep in a closet under the stairs and absorb a constant stream of verbal and physical abuse from his malevolent aunt and uncle and their overindulged son, Dudley. Yes, of course Harry is withdrawn. Small wonder. Or, as my daughter would say, "Duh!" In fact, Radcliffe's performance is entirely consistent with Harry's history and upbringing, and Columbus has wisely ensured that, as the chronicle of films progresses, the character of Harry has somewhere to go. There are, after all, six movies still to come. Columbus has clearly determined that, unlike some other celluloid heroes of recent memory (Indiana Jones springs to mind), the character of Harry Potter should have some room to develop, otherwise both the young wizard and his friends would grow quickly stagnant. Another notable attribute of the film is that the atmosphere and setting, through the more subtle elements of special effects, are beautifully realized. As the first-years are journeying across the lake, their - and our - first view of Hogwarts Castle is absolutely breathtaking, a spectacular, gothic memory from a medieval dream. Inside the castle are stairways that move, pictures that talk and go about their daily routines, and a splendid dining hall that evokes the grandeur of a cathedral. When the Sorting Hat pronounces "GRIFFINDORE" on this opulent stage, Harry's adventures officially begin. Yes, the adventure has its obvious, special effects masterpieces. The Quidditch match is a high-flying, fast-paced extravaganza of soccer, polo, and basketball on broomsticks. The chess match is the high point of the film. At the same time, there are special effects so well done that they don't draw attention to themselves. The messenger owls flying gracefully into the dining hall to deliver envelopes and parcels is a brief, finely structured, aerial ballet that is easy to take for granted because we are momentarily suspended in the world of Hogwarts and have willingly cast aside our powers of disbelief. When Hedwig flies above Hogwarts Castle, our spirits and our sense of wonder soar with him. It is an impressive accomplishment. Because it is true to itself and never panders to its audience, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is both exciting and entertaining, an escape to a world where magical things can still happen. It is, in short, a film for the child in all of us.
A wonderful beginning that hits high on BD! 11 year old Harry Potter (Daniel Redcliffe) was a troubled orphan as he is being raised by his horrid uncle Vernon (Richard Griffith) and Aunt Pentunia (Fiona Shaw) with rotten cousin Dudley (Harry Meling) since he was a baby left on the doorstep. But when a friendly large man named Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) brings him an important message that he is a wizard born of extraordinary magical powers, he heads into the world of wizards and witches where anything magical is possible for he is assigned to head to the legendary Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardy made by headmaster Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris). Along the way on his first year at the school he befriends Ronald Weasley (Rupert Grin) and feisty Heromine Granger (Emma Watson) including a new foe named Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) but there is some hidden secrets that are unknown to all students known as The Sorcerer's stone which has great powers, now Harry Potter must find out the mysteries of his past including why his parent died. A brilliant and faithful adaptation of the book! this family fantasy adventure co-stars John Cleese, John Hurt, Warwick Davis, Maggie Smith ("Clash of the Titans") and Alan Rickman as cruel Professor Snape. Here an awesome new fantasy franchise is born thanks to great reviews and strong box-office reception including crowd-pleasing stuff, here is a movie that proves that kids could act and what great acting choices they had. The special Effects by The Jim Henson Creature Shop and Industrial Light and Magic are fantastic but the storyline is what really matters here for it's complex yet a bit simple at times, it was followed by even better sequels. This DVD has beautiful picture and sound that only an HP fan like myself would love as it's very theatrical quality. The extras are good too like multi-language reel, yearbook character clips, featurettes, Lessons in Quidditch and whatever it takes to hatch a dragon egg, and trailers to all HP movies.
The best kiddie movie I've seen so far... I must admit that I am biased toward material specifically geared toward children. Very seldomly does a childrens movie contain material that is enjoyable for adults as well. When Harry Potter began to get popular I just ignored it, something I had learned to do when I got sick of the Pokemon mania that was ending just around that time. I had no desire to get involved with the Harry Potter franchise. I was suprised that this movie seemed to begin planning and wrap shooting in six months. Two months later the movie was in theaters. When a movie is done in that short of time I tend to really doubt its ability to be a good movie. My parents begged and pleaded with me to visit them one night, and they had planned a trip to see this movie for a family activity. I didn't really want to go but I'm glad I did. The movie was far from unenjoyable, and while the CGI effects were not spectacular the story was innovative, and fun despite being childish. The movie manages to be childish, but not immature, which makes it one of the most enjoyable kiddie flicks to date. I'm actually looking forward to the sequel. The acting in this movie is spectacular. I have not seen such talent in youth since Haley Joel Osment. The actors were also well cast as far as appearances because the actors resemble the characters they are portraying more so than any other movie of its kind. I am very pleased with the way this movie was done. If the special effects were better it would have otten five stars from me. I have not had time to check out the DVD extras yet, however just reading the back of the box has me itching for the time to do just that. I also must stress the importance of getting this movie in Widescreen I have seen both the Widescreen and Pan & [Scan] (Full screen) editions of this movie. You loose a lot of picture on the Pan & [Scan] version as the movie was presented in a 2:35:1 ratio, more than half of the picture is lost in the transition to "Full Screen".
A faithful, bedazzling adaptation of Rowling's novel It is really quite amazing that a major motion picture not only remained very faithful indeed to Rowling's original novel but actually succeeded very well in recreating the magical scenery and extraordinary environment of Hogwarts. The special effects in the movie are, on the whole, fantastic, a fact which becomes obvious upon Harry's first entrance into the Great Hall. Most amazing of all may be the spectacular presentation of the game of Quidditch. While almost all of Rowling's descriptions in the novel come leaping off the page, it is a little difficult to get a real picture of Quidditch in one's head; thanks to the movie, my days of struggling to really visualize the game as it is played are a thing of the past. There are a couple of occasions upon which the special effects look just a tad hokey, but the overall effect of the film is so magical that I'm not complaining. Indeed, I find it quite refreshing indeed to see a film follow the author's original words and scenes so faithfully; there were minor adjustments to the story along the way, and in a couple of cases the changes actually proved more effective than the original scene would have played on the big screen. The cast is excellent up and down the line. Daniel Radcliffe is Harry Potter as far as I'm concerned, but I was even more impressed by Rupert Grint as Ronald Weasley and Emma Watson (my favorite) as the incomparable Hermione Granger. Richard Harris' brilliant performance as Albus Dumbledore will be sorely missed in future films. I would be remiss to forget Robbie Coltrane's critical contribution as the one and only Hagrid, but by far the most effective job is done by Alan Rickman, whose performance as Professor Snape ranks among the most impressive acting jobs I've ever seen. Everybody knows the plot of the movie by now. The only weakness in this epic production comes in the form of snippets and scenes from Rowling's novel that were not included - this is understandable, as the movie runs a good two and a half hours as it is. The ending seems to come up just a little short, yet it is quite enjoyable as it is. A few plot points that reveal more about some of the key characters can only be found in the book, but the fact that they are most important in terms of what they betoken for future novels and movies makes them a little less than crucial for this first Harry Potter motion picture. Overall, as a full-grown adult clinging to what few fancies of youth he has left, I have to say I loved every minute of this movie. Its commitment to Rowling's vision is to be commended, and there can be no doubt that there are bigger and better adventures yet to come in both book and movie form. The DVD features are, at least to a certain point, rather fun to mess around with, but they probably appeal more to young people than adults. I for one began to grow a little bored after touring Hogwarts, but the fact is that anything on top of the movie itself is just a bonus. I've watched Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone several times now, and I have enjoyed it greatly each and every time.
Enchanting And Fun Movie For Everyone I have to say right at the get go that I know absolutely nothing about Harry Potter. Zilch. Nada. Never read any of the books or heard anything about them. I had no idea what the blazes a hogwart or muggle was. But, I have to admit that I was a wee bit curious. What was all the fuss about?. I went into this film stone cold and was very surprised. First of all, you don't need to be a Harry encyclopedia. Things are pretty well explained to you. You won't be lost. I was expecting it. Daniel Radcliffe plays 11 year old Harry Potter, who is dropped on his aunt and uncle's doorstep as a baby. Flash forward 11 years later and Harry is living a most miserable life. His relatives are the most horrid bunch. They make Harry sleep under the stairs. Then, Harry begins to get letters from Hogwarts School. A large giant of a man named Hagrid(played by the loveable Robbie Coltrane)comes and tells Harry that he is a wizard and takes him to Hogwarts school for Wizardry. There, Harry befriends Ron(Rupert Gint), and Hermione(exceptionally played by the drop dead adorable Emma Watson). While learning his abilities at the school, Harry and his new friends discover that the sorcerer's stone is hidden under the school and that someone is trying to get to it. Who is it?. Why do they want it?. These are questions you will have to see the movie to find out. The supporting cast is the best of the best. These people include Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, and the great Richard Harris. Keep your eyes open for cameos by John Cleese, John Hurt, and Julie Walters. They are all teriffic. Next up is the score. You can always count on John Williams to deliver the goods. He is a god. His musical score really catches that right whimsical fairy tale sound that is dead on perfect. Haunting and beautiful at the same time. The outfits were outstanding, as was the scenery and sets. Many sets were absolutely breathtaking. The castle itself is a wonderous piece of beauty in itself. I will say that the movie did seem a tad long. Then again, so are the books. The long running time did hurt it a tad bit. Daniel Radcliffe is exceptionally good as young Harry. He has wonderful charm and a great smile. But, I was in awe of little Emma Watson as Hermione. This young girl is wonderful. A star in the making. Director Chris Columbus("Home Alone", "Mrs. Doubtfire")really knows his stuff. The cast is great and he keeps the film tight and sharp looking. Kudoes to you Mr. Columbus. As for how faithful the movie is from J.K. Rowling's book, I can't say. I haven't read them. But from what I hear from everyone else, the movie was very faithful to the book. Maybe I should read them?. There are a number of whiners commenting on the movie being long and boring. If you are interested in quality than quantity, then this shouldn't be a problem at all. If you have short attention spans and have a hard time staying focused for a three minute video on MTV, then this is not for you. Critics have hailed this film as "The Wizard Of Oz Of Today". They just may be right.
Philosopher's Stone Blu ray review Since the novel's 1997 release, the buzz about a film adaptation of Philosopher's Stone was abounds. It wasn't until 2001 when Potterheads' dreams came true, and the book's film adaptation came out, sending fans to the cinemas in droves. Since the film's release and foretold box office success, the series has gone on to have the whole book series adapted, including the most successful adaptation, the newest one, Deathly Hallows Part 2. Since all the movies are out, I figured it would be nice to let my inner Potterhead put the nostalgia to the test. Let me start off by that Harry Potter has played a big part in my life. I've been a fan since 1999, when my aunt sent me the first book for Christmas. I had no idea what Harry Potter was at the time, and furthermore, the book was my first big read, so as you could imagine, opening the pages and reading the first few sentences, I was immediately hooked. Every time a book came out, I was frantic to get it. I saw every movie on their respective opening day, and own every movie on DVD, and recently rebought them on blu-ray. As of a recent rewatching, this movie, I will say, is a solid adaptation that, at the time, was considered the "Watchmen" of fantasy novels, in the fact that it was unfilmable. For the most part, Columbus did a solid job with the source material. However, if one thing holds the movie back, it seems as if he was trying too hard to make it perfect. I think anyone who hasn't read the book will be lost on what's happening, as a result. Dint get me wrong, this movie is indeed very good in terms of being a solid adaptation. I think, however, Columbus could have done a better job at making it a bit more cinematic. The acting, for a mostly kid anchored cast, is excellent. Daniel Radcliffe was a little kid back when this was going on, nobody thought he'd go on to be the little actor who stole audiences hearts worldwide. He really did a fantastic job with the role. He essentially leaped from the pages of the book, he's that good. The supporting cast do as good a job as said Radcliffe. Rupert Grint was probably the cutest member of the cast! He was just charming and quirky as the dimwitted but ever so funny Ron. Emma Watson was extremely cute as Hermione, and man, her performance is almost like she really is Hermione in real life! Let's not forget to mention Tom Felton who apparently didn't read the book, yet excelled as Draco, and Matthew Lewis as the naive but charming Neville Lonottom. Speaking of which, it's worth it to mention how he's grown up so much. I'm not gay, but seriously, LOOK AT MATTHEW LEWIS NOW. He is GORGEOUS. Honestly, I'm not gay at all, but it's so hard to believe he went from being a pudgy kid to an extremely handsome grown adult. In fact, the entire cast have grown up so much, it's unbelievable. In addition, the cinematography in the film is brilliant. From the films gorgeous opening shots of Privet Drive to the vibrant colour of Hogwarts, this is one of the most visually gorgeous shots ever. While watching the blu-ray, one word rang through the back of my head, "soft". The image quality is simply not what it could have been. Mind you, this was shot on a considerably lower budget than the rest of the lot. And this is the best looking the movie will be. Some shots looked fantastic, others looked like Sharon Osbourne did the transfer. Also, either it's just me or there was a major adjust in F-stop in the Quidditch scene. The Audio is a nice mix, though, as there is a lot of oomph in John Williams' score, as well as the sound effects simply sound more epic. The special features, though, are exactly the same as the DVD. You'd think they'd have brought some more features in for the blu-ray, but come on. In short, apparently at the time, in 2007 WB didn't screen this blu ray for blu ray review sites. It's not hard to see why. As for the movie, it's a good start, but there was a lot more to come. Still, a must see nonetheless. MOVIE: 3.5/5 VIDEO: 3/5 AUDIO: 5/5 EXTRAS: 2/5 OVERALL:4/5 PROS: Soightly above par video and excellent audio to be found in this blu-ray release, CONS: Video is not as good as it could be, plus the lack of extras is disappointing.
Excellent movie follow-up from a great book! I had read the HARRY POTTER books several times, so when I found out that a movie was coming out, I was eager to see it. I was not dissapointed at all, since it followed the book almost exactly! The plot (if you have not already read the book) is this: Harry (Daniel Radcliff) is a young 11-year-old boy who is an orphan and lives at his cruel Uncle and Aunts's house. Unexpactant letters begin to come to their house, yet for some reason is aunt and uncle do all they can to destroy the them. Finally, they decide to leave and camp out at a rustic old shack in the middle of nowhere. In the middle of the night, I strange giant (Hagrid) comes to the house. When he finds that Harry had not recieved the letters, he finally hands him one. He finds out that he is a wizard and heads off to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The scar on his forehead shows that while his parents died (not in a car crash as his aunt and uncle imply!) from the dark wizard Voldemort, he is the only boy who lived. I won't tell you the rest of the plt, as it may ruin the story for you. I'd suggest reading the book first, as it helps to give some extra background information not totally clarified in the movie. The actors, although many of them young, did an excellent job as their characters. (Daniel Radcliff as Harry, Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, Emma Watson as Hermione, etc.) I'm looking forward to CHAMBER OF SECRETS, the second installment in the series, as there are more events and action taking place. The reason I gave this movie four stars (4.5 actually) was because of some lack in development. Everything seemed to movie by very quickly, so there was no real understanding. Of course, if you read the books it wouldn't be a bother, but if you didn't you might find yourself questioning about the events occuring. The movie is rated PG for some mild language (there's not much, trust me) and scary moments (i.e. the huge mountain troll in the bathroom, forbiddon forest and 'Voldemore scenes', etc.) Appropriate for most kids 8 and older. Check this out on video/DVD (along with some extra footage) and be sure to watch for THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS coming out this November!
Really and truly is the "Wizard of Oz" of its time! "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" was definitely one of the best films of the year and one of the best fantasy films of all time. I was not disappointed at all, unlike some fans of Harry Potter. I thought Chris Columbus did a great adaptation of the book and I couldn't have asked for better. The film was very faithful, only leaving out some small scenes because you honestly could never fit the entire book into the movie...I mean, just look at "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring"! Some people claim that a movie can never live up to the book it is based on, but in some cases that is not always true. Sometimes, the movie is actually BETTER than the book--so give the movie a chance! And also, I hate it when people say that, if a movie is apart of a series, since the first movie was bad then they do not want to see the other movies. Well, if you've read all four Harry Potter books then you know the better, more interesting stuff comes later...so just stick around and see the other movies before you judge even if you thought "Sorcerer's Stone" was boring and/or disappointing. I thought the casting was absolutely perfect! Daniel Radcliffe doesn't just PLAY the role of Harry Potter...he IS Harry Potter! Rupert Grint is funny and witty as Harry's best friend, Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson is smart and charming as Harry's other best friend, Hermione Granger. Tom Felton is really great as Draco Malfoy, Harry's arch rival at Hogwarts, Alan Rickman is creepy as Professor Snape. Richard Harris is mezmorising as Professor Dumbledore. Robbie Coltrane is hilarious and wonderful as Hagrid, the half friendly giant. And Maggie Smith is superb as Professor McGonagall. The rest of the cast are really good, too. In another review down below, I read that they are going to replace Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint (probably along with the rest of the child actors) for the "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" film and the rest of the Harry Potter films. I really hope they do not do that...these child actors are perfect! I thought they were going to do a film each year because each year these child actors will be a year older, like they are in the books. So they really do not need to replace them. So please do not replace any of these actors, because that will only ruin the movies!! Did I mention the special effects? Because the special effects are truly amazing!! I especially loved the big chess board scene and the Quidditch match, though in the book, they have two Quidditch matches. Hogwarts castle is truly spectacular! John Williams' score is haunting and breathtaking. The dialouge is OK, but it's really a children's fantasy film...it's not supposed to be another "A Beautiful Mind". For those who say "The Lord of the Rings" is better, get over it! They are two totally different movies! I really wish people would stop trying to compare movies like "Harry Potter", "The Lord of the Rings", "Spider-Man", and "Star Wars" because they are all different. Why do we have to choose between them? Can't we like them all?! The DVD includes the following special features: *Never-before-seen footage *Deleted Scenes *Self-guided tour of Hogwarts *A game where you can mix potions, perform transfigurations, explore Diagon Alley, catch a snitch, explore the library, and "attend" classes (you actually have to play this game in order to get to the bonus footage and deleted scenes...I didn't know this until after I bought the DVD and it's kind of tricky) *Theatrical trailers *DVD-ROM PC Extras *Selected Scenes *Languages & Subtitles in English and Spanish *Top picture quality *Top audio quality *Two discs--first disc plays full-length film; second disc plays special features "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a wonderful film! It's rated 'PG' for some scary scenes and mild language. As for all this religious stuff against Harry Potter, I'd say that the story of Harry Potter doesn't teach your children to learn black magic...if anything, it teaches them good friendship and what good verses evil means. Film Grade: A+ DVD Grade: A-
A Great Transition from Book to Film With J.K. Rowling becoming the richest author in the world, it seemed almost inevitable that her books should become movies. Though everyone went to the theatres with a healthy dose of trepidation, most came out satisfied, feeling that Rowling's story and vision had been successfully transferred onto the big screen. This is not too surprising as Rowling herself was a major participant in the making of the movie. For those people who have been living under a rock these past few years, here is the general story - orphaned Harry Potter is taken to live with his aunt, uncle and cousin where he grows with no knowledge of his magical past. He lives a rather miserable life under his family's tyranny, till his eleventh birthday when he recieves a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. So off he goes, to find his independance and freedom, a host of friends, kindly teachers who become parental figures, and of course an education in the magic arts. But there is a secret plot within the school concerning the Philosopher's Stone - one of the staff is planning to steal for his master - Lord Voldemort, the evil wizard who killed his parents, and only Harry, Ron and Hermione can stop them. The real strength of this movie lies in the transition of Rowling's imagination and her host of characters, places and creatures to 'real life'. The detail of the sets, the merticulous costumes, the superb casting choices, and the special effects make this movie a visual feast for the eyes. A big highlight was seeing the Quidditch match - it was inevitably more exciting visually than any written account of it. Although in some scenes you could tell the actor where obviously CGI or strung up against a blue screen, the pace and action eliminates this minor gripe. Richard Harris as Dumbledore, Maggie Smith as McGonagall and Ian Hart as Quirrel are great, but standing out even more so is Robbie Coltrane as the gentle giant Hagrid and Alan Rickman as the cold, arrogant Snape, who still comes across as one of the good guys despite his loathing of Harry. I felt that perhaps the friendships between Harry, Ron and Hermione was not properly created as I picked up no real warmth or affection between them. Though Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are all fine young actors and presented the personalities of their characters they functioned more as three separate beings than the team linked by friendship that Rowling creates in her books. On the whole, though this is a *very* enjoyable and re-watchable movie, it is presented more as an accomplice to the book, only being able to be fully appreciated to those familiar to the books, who are able to fill in the blanks that the movie leaves out. Therefore, I urge others to read the books before watching the movie, as it cannot even begin to convey the intricate layering that Rowling creates in her book that reflect on future books in the series (for example the plot twist concerning Scabbers in book three). Though purists will hate me, I felt perhaps film-makers should have been given a bit more extra freedom to work with the material instead of being so restricted to the book. To do so would have made the movie feel like it had beginning, middle and end, with character development, plot growth and a climax, instead of a series of events where one can almost see the separate chapters of the book.
Outstanding fantasy adventure film for kids This film is an outstanding fantasy adventure film for kids from about seven through fifteen. After that, its appeal drops off dramatically. Director Chris Columbus (Home Alone, Mrs. Doubtfire) does a fine job of bringing the wildly popular children's series to the big screen. Columbus had a difficult decision to make with the first film. The introduction of Harry Potter requires a good deal of character and plot development, which isn't particularly interesting to those who aren't dedicated fans of the books. Columbus chose to be true to the series and spent a lot of time doing background work that would be useful in later films (two more of which are already planned). That encumbers this film a bit, weighing it down with details at the expense of plot pacing. So, while this film is not as thrilling as it might have been, it sets the stage for more exciting sequels. From a technical perspective the film is marvelous. The visual effects in this film are often astounding, especially the Quidditch match. The cinematography is rich and dramatic, both the outdoor shots and those shot on the sets. Columbus entices excellent performances out of the young and inexperienced cast members, but also works well with the veterans. The acting is fabulous. Daniel Radcliffe is an excellent find as Harry. He has a kind of nerdy coolness that is perfect for the part. He comes across more as a regular kid trying to come to terms with special powers than a self important superhero type. This is exactly the right balance. Emma Watson, playing Hermione, is the consummate scene stealer and it is difficult to believe that this is her first feature film. Watson packs a perky punch and has a wide array of facial expressions that often make dialogue completely superfluous. Her self assurance and boldness provide the ideal contrast to Radcliffe's characterization of the timid and tentative Harry. The adult actors also represent themselves admirably. Richard Harris and Maggie Smith provide steadying influences as Headmaster Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall. Harris is almost unidentifiable under the flowing beard and robes, but his distinctive voice is unmistakable. Smith is suitably stern and kind, showing she has a soft spot for Harry, but maintaining the authoritarian demeanor required of her position. But the show stealer among the older actors is clearly Robbie Coltrane as the overly loquacious Hagrid ("I shouldn't have said that. I should NOT have said that.") Coltrane makes Hagrid as lovable as he is bumbling; a kid in a grown-up's body that is clearly on the kids' side. This is a delightful film for middle school kids, a segment that has fewer film choices than toddlers and teens. I'd rate it a 9/10, shaving a point for excessive workup that slowed down the story a bit. However, for Harry Potter fans, this is a perfect ten.
Great Movie I had no interest in Harry Potter when the books came out. My sister did, however, and I heard all these strange words: Hogwarts, Dumbledore, Voldemort, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, Diagon Alley, Nimbus 2000, Qudditch??? Umm... yeah... sounds... interesting. So, I avoided the books. Yet, for some unkown reason, I went along with my family to see the theatrical release. In a single word, it was excellant. Great acting. Interesting storyline. Excellant movie. I watched it 5 times. After my first viewing, I had already started reading the books. And of course, I had a copy of the DVD pre-ordered. Now, for some thoughts on the DVD. I am not going to get into the differences between the book and the movie. Many forget that the movie is based on the book. As such, I regard the two as seperate entities. The movie covered much of the important parts in the book. All of the cast was great. I am glad that Chris Columbus got the directing part over Speilburg. Columbus picked some very talented, British actors and actresses to fill the roles. My favorite actress in the movie was Maggie Smith. The storyline was very interesting and the sights were simply amazing. Columbus did a great job in bringing the world of Harry Potter to life. My only dislike about the DVD is the poor accompaniment of additional features. There was little commetary and the deleted scenes were very difficult to find. I had to go to the message board ...to find that out (It was also disapointing to find 7 relatively short deleted scenes after all that work too). And finally, I wanted more information about the making of the movie, interviews with the cast, and sneak previews of Chamber of Secrets. Despite these dislikes, I still give five stars to the DVD for containing one of the best movies that I have ever seen.
The book's fantasy incredibly brought to screen! As a deaf person...I have to wait usually until the most current movies are brought out on DVD format. While everyone else was going to the movie, I had to wait another nine months in order to enjoy it. Movies such as Spider-Man can be somewhat enjoyable if you cannot hear the sound or speech, but for something like Harry Potter, where the writing and the interaction between all the characters in the book are so key to understanding, those of us with no hearing need to wait until someone bothers to caption them. Sometimes I am disappointed because the build-up by the media and word-of-mouth is such that I expect more from the movie than it is able to provide. That wasn't the case with this movie/DVD. As someone who remembers going to the library and reading every possible book I could get on mythology, the Grimm Brothers, Hans Christian Anderson, many science fiction books written for children, and all books written on Merlin and the Arthurian legend, I was pleased when this generation had a book come out involving fantasy and fairy tale, that could withstand the test of time. The movie did a spectacular job of following the high precedent set by the book. Rowling was right to keep such strong control over her books so that they would be faithful to what she wrote. The movie is spectacular in special effects and in casting not only Harry, but his cohorts. Radcliffe is a read find and his humility in playing this part makes for one of the least obnoxious child actors I've ever seen. You can tell the kids had great fun making this movie in spite of the work. It's nice to see so many great British actors and actressess participating in this endeavor to bring the book to life. Thank heavens, Richard Harris' granddaughter threatened him if he didn't take the part of the headmaster of the school. And as a deaf person who relies upon facial expression, I waited with impatience for Rickman to show up and pull his usual glowering looks...he didn't disappoint. This is not a movie for small children. My grandchildren couldn't sit still that long. They come and go while watching this, but the rest of us thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband didn't get some of it because he didn't read the book. There is a bit missing if you don't read the book first...but people probably said the same thing about The Wizard of Oz. ...
I Wasn't Disappointed! I loved the Harry Potter series from the first chapter of the first book. Though I'm not a big fan of the video games (except for Quidditch World Cup) I was extremely excited when I heard that Chris Columbus was making a movie. I believe I described that night three years ago as "the most excited I've ever been". With all the buzz before the movie, I was not ready to wait any longer to see the movie, so like so many others, I went on the first night. I was not disappointed! The music was perfect, the special effects were great, the acting was mixed (see below), and the storytelling, though it could have been a bit better, satisfied me. Be warned though: My parents and sister saw the movie without reading the books, and they had some difficulty following it, so I reccomend reading the books first. The movie was wonderfully faithful to the book, and covered every single one of my favorite scenes very well. Now, Alan Rickman (Snape), Maggie Smith (McGonnagal), and Richard Harris (Dumbledore) were all perfect in their roles (though that is NOT how I envisioned Snape, though it is now) but the kids, Daniel Radcliffe (Harry), Rupert Grint (Ron), and Emma Watson (Hermione) could have been better. They all looked perfect for their parts, but I never thought "Wow, those kids are destined for movie-making greatness," particularly Harry, who never really seemed to have anything all that interesting to do after about halfway through the film and a good half of his lines became "Ron, no!" or "HERMIONE!" I am happy to say that all three of them were about twice as good in "Chamber of Secrets," and about ten times as good as that in "Prisoner of Azkaban." And now I do think whenever I see them "Wow, those kids ar destined for movie-making greatness." The could definetly be too scary for youngsters, particularly such scenes as a robed and menacing figure advancing on Harry in a creepy forest, a screaming book with a screaming face, and a man with another man's scared and monstrous face on the back of his head (That last one scared me out of my socks the first time I saw it!). Overall, the not quite on par with "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" which opened that same year, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a great family film for fans and others alike, and one of my favorites.
Misses some magic, but still a lot of fun I've never read any of the books, co I'm not going to quibble about how well it holds up to any of them. Harry Potter is the son of two married witches killed by the evil witch, Voldemort. Somehow surviving the assault as a baby, marked by a jagged scar, Harry is raised by his hateful cousins (they keep him in a special room under the steps; Harry's portly cousin Dudley makes sure to come down the steps like an elephant) until that day when his parents' alma mater, Hogwarts Academy of Witchcraft, decides to accept him into their freshman class. Knowing nothing of his parents or witchcraft, or of the way that preturnaturally magical people live alongside the rest of us non-magical types (or "muggles"), Harry is happily surprised to learn the truth. Though set in modern-day UK, Hogwarts and the Witches Quarter resemble a cross between England in its Dickensian and Edwardian eras, complete with a winding street that looks like the one used in the "Muppets Christmas Carol" (Hogwarts itself seems like a send-up of the old English schools like those made famous in "Tom Brown's School Days"). Introduced to this new world by a gentle if dim Giant named Hagrid (Robby Coltrane, made to resemble a friendly grizzly in size and texture), Harry takes to his new existence and quickly maps out his challenges both mundane and epic - making friends with other student wizards, amassing points for his "house" (Hogwarts students are divided into dorms), contending with a snotty, bullying student named Draco (another nod to Tom Brown), and looking into the suspicious workings of the academy's potions professor (Alan Rickman) who appears undoubtedly in league with Voldemort. This was a fun film, but somewhat long and loose - too content to be an event movie than a closely plotted one. It was fun watching all of those kid actors navigate a world full of more recognizable adult stars (Maggie Smith resurrecting the heavy Scottish accent she used in "Jean Brodie"; Richard Harris as the school's dean; Alan Rickman who probably doesn't appear enough for plotting reasons; and Michael Caine as...wait, Michael Caine wasn't in this movie! What happened to Michael Caine?) While the special effects are great and all the players do a great job, the movie on the whole holds very few surprises. The moral of the story is that love and friendship are the strongest forms of magic (there's hope for us muggles yet!), but the relationships are undertreated in the script (climaxed in a sort of deadly game of wizrard's chess played by Harry and his friends; in another instance, Ronald makes fun of fellow Griffendor-Wicth Hermione. Though she's hurt, she spends much of the time being about the most frigid 12 year older you can imagine, never explaining how Ron's comment caused so much damage, or why she's so cold). Still, despite its foibles, a fun movie and an event movie that outdoes the latest Star Wars flicks. My 5 year older watched this and had a ball.
A Remarkable Fantasy with Important Messages to Learn I find it hard to believe that so many people are so quick to judge and condemn the phenomenon that is Harry Potter. Upon emerging as a book (not just for kids but for the kid in all of us), it got children to turn off their video games and READ!!! It was amazing that a children's book would hold the best seller lists for months. Public schools as well as Colleges around the country have added the entire series to their curricula. Most nay-sayers would point that the stories teach about and glorify witchcraft and wizardry. May I point to a classic which was written a century ago and made into a movie that has been hailed as one of the greatest movies of all time???? The Wizard of Oz is all about a fantastic land full of witches, wizards, and other strange magical qualities....Another example was written over 50 years ago by a devout Christian. C.S. Lewis' "Chronicles of Narnia" contains as much magic, witches, and other strange phenomena as Harry Potter. People are so quick to judge and condemn that they are too blind to see what lies at the heart of the work. As for the movie itself, it is amazing how faithful it is to Rowling's first novel. The acting is phenomenal especially among the three children (Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson). Miss Watson is so bossy and perfect that I actually believed that she was Hermione. The supporting cast is full of British acting royalty. Maggie Smith is fantastic as Pro McGonagall. Richard Harris is wise and learned as Dumbledore. Robbie Coltrane is hillarious as the gentle, often muddled Hagrid. I absolutely loved the Quidditch match. The whole movie just zipped along almost making me forget that it is over 2 and a half hours long Now for the heart of the matter. At the conclusion of the movie, Ron and Hermione are both awarded for standing along side of their friend in the face of danger. Harry himself is awarded for ultimate bravery and courage. Even poor Neville Longbottom is awarded for standing up to his friends when what they are doing is against the rules because it is dangerous. Is this not what people wish small chiildren to carry with them? It is a shame that anyone would wish to condemn this wonderful cultural phenomenon. Bravo to Ms. Rowling who created this wondeful world in an attempt to provide a better life for her children as a single mother!!! Eagerly awaiting Year Two at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry: Harry Potter and the Chamberr of Secrets."
very good movie, but lacks some of the charm of the book A film by Chris Columbus This is the first film in the Harry Potter series and it is adapted from J.K. Rowling's novel of the same title. A common complaint about movies that have been adapted from a book is that the movie strays too far from the book and that it makes too many changes. This is sometimes necessary as film and novels are two different mediums and need to tell stories in different ways, but sometimes unnecessary changes are made. Happily, this is not the case with this movie. This movie is extremely faithful to the book, and I think the film works because of that. By now, many people probably have a good idea what Harry Potter is all about. For those who are not in the know, here's the story for this movie. Young Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is living with his aunt and his uncle because his parents died when he was an infant. It is obvious they do not want him around as he is forced to live in the closet under the stairs and he is treated like a servant, an unwelcome servant at that. One day owls start arriving at the house and deliver letters to Harry. We see that the letters are from "Hogwarts." Harry's uncle keeps destroying the letters, but more come each day. Finally he has had enough and Harry's Uncle takes the family (including Harry) to a remote island where no letters can reach them. It is at this point that Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) finds Harry, tells him that Harry is a wizard, and that he is to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. See, Harry is a wizard, and is the son of a wizard. Harry's parents were not killed in a car accident (as he had been told), but rather they were killed by the Dark Lord Voldemort, a wizard gone bad. Harry is the boy who lived, which is why he is famous in the wizarding world. At Hogwarts, Harry makes friends with Ron Weasely (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), and makes an enemy of Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton). Ron and Hermione are also first year students and are in Gryffindor House with Harry. Draco is also a first year, but is in Slytherin House (Ron tells Harry that "not a wizard went bad that wasn't in Slytherin"). Harry, Ron, and Hermione become good friends and get into little adventures together. They believe that someone is trying to steal something called the Sorcerer's Stone and since no adult will believe them, they try to figure this out on their own. At the same time, they are in the first year of school, so they have to go to their classes in magic. A little bit of time is spent in each class so that we get a sense of the school and a sense of the magic of that Harry and friends are supposed to be learning. The movie is very faithful to the book, so most events from the book are included in this movie and while it is a fairly long movie (2 and a half hours), it moves along fast enough that you don't really feel like you've spent so much time. One of the reasons you don't feel the time is that the acting is fantastic. The actors are so perfect for their roles that they are almost exactly how I imagined the characters to be. Two actors who stand out are Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore and Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. Rickman, especially, is a delight to watch. This role border's on Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham (Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves) as one of his great characters. The movie also features Maggie Smith (Professor McGonagall) and Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick). Even though I would recommend the book to anyone, I'm not convinced the movie is for everyone. I thought that the movie captured the events and the spirit of the book, but is missing some of the charm. Rowling's novel just sucks you in, but at times I thought the movie was only for fans of the book. I really enjoyed the movie, and I will give it a good rating, but it may not convert people who don't really enjoy fantasy (or movies that have fantasy elements).
The Naysayer I admit it, I was a naysayer when the Harry Potter first came out. Being a fan the classic forms of fantasy novels, I wrote it off as a literary Pokemon. A fad that would burn itself out in a few months. I am one, though, that believes the old addage of "Don't knock it until you've tried it", so I did. I was drawn in the books from the start. They seemed so compelling and enthralling, that I read all 4 books in the course of a week. With that under my belt by the end of October of 2001, I found myself waiting for the movie somewhat a kin to a young child waiting for Christmas. My friends and I went to the movie and were surpised by the number of adults(without children) that were in attendence. I enjoyed every moment of the movie. From the amok troll to the breathtaking Qudditch match it was quite entertaining. The acting wasn't the best from the children, but what can you expect, they are kids, give them a break. But what really gets to me, is the fact that people are writting reviews about how the movie wasn't as good as the book. Movies are rarely (almost safe to say NEVER) better than the book. As far as the adaptation goes, I give it a thumbs up. With all that goes on in the movie, I was suprised that they pulled it off as well as they did. If you look at other movies that came out,(Lord of the Rings) major plot points were changed. Not the case with Harry Potter. Only minor settings were changed. If anything, the movie gives a doorway into the world of Harry Potter to those that have not experienced it. It leads them to the books and a greater love of a young, boy hero that has captured the hearts and imaginations of millions of loyal fans. Don't put the movie down for what it doesn't have, enjoy what it does have, a sense of adventure and childhood excitement not seen since the first Star Wars movie in 1977. I say enjoy the movie, read the books, and I'll see you in line for Harry Potter 2
Review of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone To paraphrase Jackson Pearce, you'd have to be living under a sorcerer's stone if you were not aware that the last Harry Potter movie is due out this summer. Very soon in fact! So with that in mind, I decided to make my way through the books and the movies to prepare myself for this final big event - the last movie and our farewell to Harry and his friends. When these books first came out I had no interest in them. None. My siblings were all in an uproar (my sister was also 11, so she's grown up with Harry) but I dismissed the books as fanciful nothings, young adult fiction, psh when would I ever want to read that? I mean, at that time I was caught up in the fantastic world of romance novels. (Yes, that was sarcastic and true at the same time!) But then, around the release of the fourth book, I decided to pick up the series and see what all the fuss was about. Since that first reading of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I've read the book four times (one of those times out loud to my niece and nephew), and every time the book just gets better and better, and I think a large part of that is due to the movies. Now, I'll first say that yes, a lot of the original books didn't make it into the movies, specifically for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I missed Peeves, the potions Hermione has to get through to help Harry stop Quirrell, the introduction of Malfoy in the train (and not on the steps) and little details here and there (such as explaining to Harry where the pictures came from in the book Hagrid gives him at the end). But overall, I think the movie did a fantastic job of bringing to life the wonder, excitement and awe I felt while reading the book. I loved the portrayal of Quidditch and the main dining hall at Hogwarts, and I still catch my breath at that first sweeping view of the school. In my opinion, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the weakest of the books, in terms of development - but it also captures the innocence of Harry, Hermione and Ron, and grabs the reader by the hand and gently introduces them into the world of Hogwarts, allowing time for us to catch our breath and relax into it all. That's the best way to introduce children to the world of fantasy and Rowling did a marvelous job. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention, in closing at least, how much I've also come to appreciate Dudley, and the Dursley's. They add comedy to the stories, but also that necessary anchor to the "muggle" world - the other side of what might have been had Harry's mother not been magical. Feel free to join me in the next several days as I read, watch and review these books and movies. You do not need to read or watch every one, or do both, or.. well, do whatever you wish and chime in with your thoughts, your hopes for the upcoming movies and how you plan to fill the void after the last movie has been watched.
Enchanting! Two of my co-workers talked me into reading the Harry Potter books. From the first three paragraphs in the first book, I was hooked. At first I was a bit embarrassed about being so caught up in what was supposedly a children's book, but I quickly learned that Harry Potter is for young and old alike. In fact, I have talked to many adults who have read this series of books and are anxiously awaiting the next (me included). I was very curious to see if the movie would follow the book and it does. Obviously they had to condense the book or else the movie would be hours long. But the screen writers did an admirable job and this movie absolutely lives up to the hype! The movie is 2½ hours long but it will have you spellbound the whole way through. The actors are superb and the special effects are outstanding. It's rated PG for `scary moments and mild language.' I believe that only very young children might be frightened by a few of the scenes, they just aren't that bad. One scene, as an example, shows a dead unicorn with the villain, Voldemort, bent over the unicorn's neck, drinking it's blood. Voldemort has to do this in order to continue his evil existence. There is no closeup, nothing graphic, no gore in this scene; it was done as mildly as possible. The director gets the point across without the `blood and guts.' It is also stressed about what an evil and cowardly act it is to kill an innocent animal and that the person who does it must pay the price. Still, you do see a dead unicorn with the knowledge that the bad guy killed it. A very young child may have difficulties with it. As for the language, it is very mild, nothing to worry about. I have heard about many people wanting the Harry Potter books and movie banned because they say it's about witchcraft and the dark arts. Harry Potter is indeed a wizard, as are his friends, Hermione and Ron. But the books and movie stress that wizards only use their special powers for good, not evil, intentions. The power of love, strong moral values, courage to stand up for your convictions, the value of friendship, sports etiquette, and perseverance are some things that J.K. Rowling addresses in her books. In Harry Potter's world, good always conquers evil. I recommend the DVD version of Harry Potter because of the added features of the 2nd disc. I tried it on my computer and did enjoy the tours and game that were included. I have not been able to view the never-before-seen-footage however. They should have made that more accessible.
A Christian perspective on an engrossing fable Harry Potter is a simply charming, exciting, and wholesome old-fashioned entertainment for children and adults alike. Christians (especially fundamentalists) decried the books when they came out, and then the film, but such hysteria betrays utter ignorance of what Potter is about, and where its roots lie. It stands in an ancient tradition of story-telling, with the familiar imagery of monsters and magic being used to illustrate the struggle between good and evil. At its core is a message that is truly Christian in spirit. Potter has humble beginnings, growing up with his aunt and uncle who reject and despise him, before on his 11th birthday discovering that invested in him are magical powers that most children only dream of. From there he is taken to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where he must learn to use his powers responsibly and morally. Like Christ, Potter is faced at every turn with the temptation to misuse the powers he has been granted, to befriend evil and use his abilities for his own, selfish gain. His journey culminates in a final battle in which he faces evil head on and, in a fiery climax, laden with infernal imagery, he must decide whether to put his own desires (however legitimate and heartfelt they may be) above the good of others. The virtues of self-sacrifice, honour, and love clearly (and predictably, of course, but that is not the point) emerge the victors in this oft-told story of war between good and evil. How shallow must one be not to be able to see, beneath the trappings of mythology, magic and folklore, that this is the kind of tale every child wants to hear, and ought to hear? Potter's pilgrimage is one that begins with childish fascination with magical powers, but goes on to show us that power is not merely a toy, but is a gift which carries with it responsibility and duty; power means nothing and is worth nothing when it is wielded apart from love. As St Paul wrote, 'If I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing' (1 Corinthians 13:2). I asked myself what made Potter into such a hero. He is hardly any more interesting as a character than his peers: the presumptuous Hermoine Granger; Potter's unassuming best friend, Ron Weasley; and the dastardly Draco Malfoy. On the contrary, Potter is rather bland as a character, and there are far more curious traits to be found in others. He does, however, exemplify all that is good (even though he might be found ambiguous in some regards, but this is a staple of good story-telling). He is an underdog who, in finding that he has been given a precious gift, also finds justice and compensation for the way he has been treated. And it is a gift which he uses in the right way. The character of Harry Potter is no hazardous doorway into occultism and wizardry (as if Rowling's creation bore anything other than a very superficial resemblance to real witchcraft anyway); rather he is a role model in whom parents and teachers can have confidence. He is a hero, and his popularity is proof that goodness and virtue are still what people (children most of all) value, admire, and want to emulate. The tale is told with great excitement, awe and invention. Amongst a wonderful cast, Alan Rickman stands out as the creepily disconcerting Snape. As an exhilarating and enchanting adventure, even aside from the positive message conveyed, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is marvellous.
Video Excellentus! In 2001, two fall blockbusters involving witchcraft and wizards reached the theatres. Unfortunately, I don't have a wand with which to say "Review autoscriptus!" or some snowy owls on one-day delivery standby so I have to do this with my fingers (sigh) and create words of wonder on the movie I liked better. While I haven't read J.K. Rowling's books, it must have been chock full of detail I don't know of the movie:book accuracy ratio, but for director Chris Columbus to fit it in two and-a-half hours, it must have been a book spectacularis. Witches and wizards were persecuted throughout the ages, regarded as threats more than freaks as Harry's aunt did her sister, and more often than not, burned at the stake. With Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, the song remains the same, only this time, his uncle, aunt, and obnoxious cousin treat him contemptuously, as if he's an unwanted burden. Who knows how his life would have been without the flurry of invitations to Hogwarts School courtesy of one-day owl delivery? Fortunately, giant Rubeas Hagrid comes crashing to the rescue. The real adventure begins from there. Daniel Radcliffe gives a performance competentus and credibilis as the totally likeable title character. Of the troika of main characters, he's the most human. However, Emma Watson as the resourceful and well-read Hermione Granger steals the show wands aloft. Despite being snooty and knowing who she is, she proves herself to be a cut above others in classes (see her frantically waving on Professor Snape to call on her, and her proficient wand handling). She does have feelings, though, as she angrily stomps past through Weasley, who fed up with her conceit, was verbally cutting her down a peg to Harry, finishing with "No wonder she doesn't have any friends." If Hermione's character leads more children to flip pages instead of flipping bad guys on their PS2's or X-Box's, so much the better. Rupert Grint, as Ron Weasley, makes a good foil for both his counterparts, being a fellow explorer and Christmas holiday companion with Harry or someone for Hermione to impart knowledge. The other performer to whom this show belongs to is veteran actor Robbie Coltrane as the friendly giant gameskeeper Rubeas Hagrid. After Krull, Nuns On The Run, two James Bond movies, and From Hell among others, he has finally become a recognizable face on American shores. American audiences should have warmed up to this talented performer earlier, and that's something I should've said. As for other veteran actors, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, and Zoe Wanamaker do wonders as the professors of Hogwarts, but Alan Rickman turns in a solid performance as the sinister Professor Snape, who doesn't seem to like Harry all that much. People, (or should that be muggles?) this is one movie specialus. The special effects, while spectacular, do not detract from the character development or dialogue, like certain films I'm not going to name. They merely support the magic whether it's the entrance to the square or the action scenes, such as the Quidditch match. Well, review terminatus, and see you at the theatres for the Chamber of Secrets
Harry 5 stars, but the DVD only 4 stars, here's why... Having read the books multiple times (I re-read the 1st ones every time a new one came out) I was very psyched to see the film. The sets, casting, screenplay, acting, etc was superb... every little detail of the world of Harry Potter was marvelously captured on screen with intelligence, humor, and love of all those involved. Every scene was straight from the 1st book, even though not the entire book was within the film. Sigh, this is a child's film & therefore I understand that they couldn't have everything from the book in the film because that would have made it 3+ hours long. The only major drawback was the very badly done CGI during the Quidditch games. They did so well with every other scene in the film, but abruptly threw the games together. Every single time they shifted from live action to CGI it was painfully noticeable. When I see a film I like to lose myself within it, and the 2nd rate work they did with the CGI during the Quidditch matches threw me right back into reality. Because of this I would have given it 4 ¾ stars, but Amazon likes whole numbers. As for the DVD... there is no "real" making of Harry to mention, or for that matter any special features at all... AND THEN I had to go here to Amazon to find out that you MUST play the game on disc two to be able to see the deleted scenes. I never play the games held in the DVD's because they always are too easy, or poorly done to even bother. Sometimes they are also hard to control with the remote (which is really bad being that I watch my DVD's on a PS2!) I have to tell TM & Warner Bros. Shame on you for ripping off the fans, for the extra money spent for a DVD, one should get more extras. For example, "Lord of the Rings" gives you all the special features you expect in a DVD & a 10-15 minute sneak peak of the next film... I would have given this DVD 3 stars, but the film is still so good I averaged the ranks together and gave it 4 stars.
Gets better every time you watch! This movie is wonderful. I have to admit that the first time i saw it in theaters I was a bit dissapointed in the film for lack of drive, but then i saw it a second time and it captivated me. I'm not saying it didn't captivate me the first time I saw it, my face had a permenant smile on it the whole time.... I'm just saying. I recently rented the DVD and it is wonderful. To get to the extra scenes is a bit annoying but if you just remember to get your wand and then click on the collum in the classroom place you'll be fine. :) If you saw this movie in the theaters and you weren't to thrild with it, I ask you to please try it again. It really keeps on getting better and better each time, and the kids make the movie. Daneil Radcliffe as Harry is perfect. He embodies everthing Harry is and how he looks in my mind (and many others at that),on his preformance i give you a quote from Ron(Harry's friend)..." That was bloody brilliant!" Ron in the film is played by Rupert Grint, who is adorable as well as a source of hummor. And we must not forget that little clever witch Hermione, who is played perfectly by Emma Watson. Also if you are a fan of any of the following actors this film is worth a shot: Dame Maggie Smith, Richard Harris, Richard Griffiths, Alan Rickman, Ian Hart, or Robbie Coletrain. All do a wonderful job and Robbie as Hagrid adds a hole lot of hummor to the film with his abbsent mindedness and odd tastes for pets. :) I look forward to the other films and hope that they keep the amazing cast that they have now, especially the kids! Bottom line: Great film, Great fun, After you watch it, read the book(s), you'll love it even more. :) p.s. If you have the vhs version, at the end of the film, there are only two extra scenes, as apposed to the seven on the DVD. Just a fact I'd thought I would throw out there for you all. :)
Magical entertaining and endearing , a film with heart. Okay fans the second film or the second year is in theatres tommorrow so I, decided to reveiw the first film.Some who have tried to compare this film to the Fellowship Of The Ring ah let's not go there people because there two diffrent films and Lord Of The Rings is far more complex then Harry Potter while Harry Potter is well done it's not going to have any huge battle scenes or old fashiond fantasy,Harry Potter is what I, call new fantasy much more magical and rich with the type of fantasy every one would enjoy Lord Of The Rings is just not for everyone it is for hard core fantasy lovers, beloved J.K. Rowlings books about the young wizard who comes to Hogwart's to learn to be a great wizard and his adventures are all lively told in the seven books but what kind of director would take on the task of bringing this beloved tale to life i would be none other then the director of the Home Alone films Chris Columbus. The story goes as one day when Harry Potter was only a baby his parent's were attacked by an evil wizard named Valdemort,he was then taken in by his horrible foster parents that disliked him a great deal because he was diffrent then most kids Harry Potter(Brett Radclif),recieves mail from a Rupis Hagrid(Robie Coltrain),who takes Potter to a place that's filled with magic a place called Hogwart's on the way Potter meet's his two new companions Ron Weasly(Ruprent Grint) and Hermonie Granger(Emma Watts). With Harry Potters poularity not many people at Hogwart's know what to make of there new edition neither does Prof. Dumbeldor(the late Richard Harris),when the three investigate rumors of the Sorcerer's Stone there days at hogwart's get's a big more stranger and where there path will lead them will test Potter and his friends jugement to find the stone in this endearing gem. With loads of special features included a guided tour of hogwarts , trailers , games and hunt's you'll be content when you buy this DVD not to mention you get a ticket for The Chamber Of Secrets if you love fantasy of family film or just want a that feeling that you had when you saw The Wizard Of Oz then add this film to your collection you won't have any second thoughts you did.
Harry Potter's 1st Year at Hogwarts! This two and a half hour long fantasy adventure was not only able to get kids to come and sit through it once, but draw them back several more times. The folks at Warner Brothers realised that kids saw it in theaters until they were sick of it. Also, many people purchased or downloaded a bootlegged copy of the film. To get the same results on video that the film had in theaters, Warner Bros. has added several deleted scenes to the film. Also, there is an added disc with more deleted scenes, plus many other special features including a virtual tour of Hogwarts and the making of the film. Harry Potter is eleven years old and lives withe his mean aunt and uncle, and their little son Dudley. Harry has always been told that his parents died in a car accident and that the lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead was from the accident. But on his birthaday, he discovers that he is a wizard and that his parents were murdered by the evil Lord Voldermort. When Voldermort tried to kill Harry, the spell backfired leaving Harry with the scar and reducing Voldermort to almost nothing. Harry is sent to Hogwarts, a school for witches and wizards, where he meats Ron and Hermoine, his two best friends, and descovers that the Sorcerer's Stone, wich has the power to bring Lord Voldermort back to full powere, is being kept in the school. Harry also learns that a teacher in the school is helping the Evil Lord get to the stone. Harry must get to the stone before all is lost. The acting was great. Danial Radclieff is perfect as Harry Potter. John Willams does the score. His other works include The "Star Wars" saga and "E.T." Adults and children will love Harry Potter. And there is no devil worship in it for those of you who don't know what you are talking about trying to bann the movies and books wich are about an innocent little child who lives in a magical world. You will love "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone", the first of seven movies to be made by Warner Bros.
Great....but disappointing in many ways to a die-hard fan... I have been an absolute die-hard Harry Potter fan from the beginning. I read the first two books before they were even popular, and have since read all four of them a dozen times each. Not exagerrating. So you can imagine how psyched I was when I heard about the movie. I watched every trailer a million times. I was on the internet 24/7 searching for news. And I got my movie tickets five days in advance. I was there at the theatres on Nov. 16, and waited two hours for the film to start. It was great. I loved it. But there were some things that really ticked me off. First, a lot of time was spent on things that didn't need dwelling on...a lot of stupid lines and jokes were added, like Ron getting hit in the face with his broomstick, or Seamus' constant explosions. These aren't true to the humor in the book, and it took time away from things that should have been there. We also needed a lot more character development. I would sit in the theatre for 4 hours to watch that movie, as long as they made it good. Now for the actors. Daniel Radcliffe, though he's an absolute sweetie, was not perfect. He looks the part, but he was a bit weak througout the movie. He was REALLY good in the emotional scenes, though, and I think that makes up for it. Harry really is sort of an impossible role, as most of the book takes place in his head. Ron was perfect, i thought. I didn't quite agree with the way he looked, but the acting was altogether perfect. Hermione....well, I don't like Emma Watson at all, I think she seems like a little snot, so I might be biased. But I thought she really overplayed Hermione. Hermione should be kind hearted, self conscious, very intelligent, and a little bit bossy. Watson added a certain self confidence that Hermione doesn't have, made her an absolute know-it-all, and we didn't see much of the warmth that resides deep in Hermione's character. Albus Dumbledore...one of my favorite characters from the books. Hilarious, a bit crazy, wise, gentle, understanding...Richard Harris was none of these thngs. He was just an old man with a long white beard and glasses. All his funny lines were cut, except for the earwax one, of course. He was just far too stiff and strict and....ugh, horrible. Then again, I also hate Richard Harris, so.... Well, at least Hagrid was perfect. Absolutely perfect in every way, shape, and form. The special effects oculd use a lot of work. Quidditch and the chess scene were excellent, but the centaur, the troll, the flying lesson with Neville...all horrible. Get some new CG animation guys, because that's just not gonna cut it. If Aragog and Dobby look like that, I might just puke....CoS is my favorite book. Don't think the movie's horrible, because it's not. I've just pointed out everything bad. It's actually quite wonderful and amazing...I love the costumes and sets. If it was good enough for me to go see 4 times, it can't be all that bad. Just my two cents, anyway...
It Gets People to Read! What's Not to Like? As a librarian, I have naturally been aware of the Harry Potter phenomenon for quite a while now. While there may be a few of my colleagues out there who are not so wild about "Harry," nearly all welcome the enthusiasm the series has engendered and remain ever hopeful that some of those reluctant readers in their communities (adults as well as children) might become absorbed in the series and inspired to read more and more "Harry," then maybe seek out similarly themed books and then, if the ball really gets rolling, discover a whole world of reading above, beyond but still including fantasy. It could happen. You never know. We guardians of the printed word have to put our faith in something. OK,OK I must confess, from everything I'd heard and read, "Harry" wasn't likely to be my own particular cup of English tea. So after all these years, I still haven't actually read it. I'm not a children's librarian, so it wasn't an absolute must. Certainly, I was intrigued by the whole phenomenon but just not in any hurry to read it myself. Not when there's so much depressing adult literature to plow through. So when the film version came out, I thought it would be a good way to get a feel for what this Harry thing was all about. The fact that it was reported to be quite faithful to the book made checking out the film version all the better. Now I could fake my way through lengthy (and they do tend to be lengthy)conversations with Harry-Potter-Heads if I had to. It still took me nearly six months to see the film. Locally, it wasn't around as long as I thought it was going to be. Finally, on its second or third run, I was able to catch it...at a drive-in! (Yes, there are still some left here in the Northeast). It turned out to be the perfect setting, watching this elaborate fantasy unfold while sitting in my own private bubble. (I may have been the only person who ever went to a drive-in ALONE). But it was good, kind of like the solitary pleasure of reading. I'm half-kidding when I say that the movie's literalness was a plus. I'm sure there are Potter fans out there who would have welcomed something not quite as faithful to a text they already knew by heart. But when you consider how young (or, at least, young at heart) so many of the readers are, and how none of us likes his fairy tales altered one jot, the film version's slavishness to the original was probably the only possible artistic choice. Any criticisms? Well, yeah. Child actors need special coaching. I'm not one who believes that there are only a few exceptional Haley Joel Osments or Hayley Millses out there. But they do need special care from their drama coaches and directors. This is especially true when they're required to deliver "adult-level" dialog. It's not surprising that these young sorcerers have exceptional vocabularies: they're SUPPOSED to be special, but in fact, much of the scripted dialog does not come trippingly off the young actors' tongues. If that's the worst I can say about the movie though, it's not saying much. Enjoy the film! And its no doubt worthy sequels. And don't forget to read the BOOKS! (Do as I say, kids, not as I do.)
Essential HP, but Staid & Conservative About the Movie: Of course, this is the story anticipated by millions. My kids have enjoyed re-watching it several times, but interest seems to be fading, as we await Book 5 and Movie 2. Chris Columbus has managed to include in the movie all the important story lines from Book 1, and many parts are downright fun, such as SEEING a Quidditch game like the many we've imagined for several years. The biggest problem in the movie is that every story line gets its little part of the movie, making the movie non-stop, whilst, incongruously, somewhat boring, as the pace stays relentlessly the same for 2-1/2 hours. Never terrifyingly break-neck, and never a breather. Remember the garbage compactor scene in the original "Star Wars"? A great breather -- just long enough to make the upcoming terrors stop your heart. But, you can't skip Movie 1 in this set of 7! The DVD-ROM: Hugely disappointing. Buy this for the movie, not for its PC companion. Ditto for the special DVD features played on a TV. It was hard to install, eventually failed, and delivered mostly just links to the HP web sites we've already enjoyed. Owl mail is just a way to get HP-related advertising. Mixed potions, but couldn't figure out how or why you'd guess particular combinations, except through random trial & error. Had a wand choose me, but it wasn't really me -- it doesn't know anything about *me*. Ditto the Sorting Hat. Casting a spell over a scene in 8 languages is interesting. Once. Well, maybe a few are - 8 gets a bit much. It's really just watching the standard DVD capability to play in different languages. Never found many other features, probably due to failures with installing the viewer software, even after trying the latest patches from the web. (Learn Quidditch, Meet the Ghosts, Sneak past Fluffy, Collect Wizard Trading Cards, etc.) Worst of all, never found the 7 Deleted Scenes. (We all wanted *more* HP...) In summary, the DVD-ROM was thin, weak, disappointing contents, and technically flawed.
A nice movie.......for little kids Harry Potter was and still is one of my favorite books. When the movie came out I was exstatic! Harry Potter on a big screan. Then the movie came out. There I was in line at the huge theater with all of my friends. We got to the movie and sat down waiting for the amazing movie to come. That never came. I was expecting something more like Lord of the Rings, or Star Wars, not a little kids movie. After the first scene I almost fell asleep. One of my friends poked me when Daniel Radcliff (Harry) came on for the first time. I looked up expecting some super hot guy! Boy was i suprised when I saw a "little kid" in dorky glass' and SWEATERS on stage. I understood the glass' but the sweater bugged me through out the movie. In the book you got the impreasions that the kids wore robes, like you would imangine most wizards and whiches to wear. The uniforms looked like prep school uniforms with ties and knee socks. Maybe it's like that in England, but I don't think so. My favorite character was Malfoy. OK I go for the bad boys, but he was a great actor and was hilarous. I couldn't wait for the duel between Harry and Malfoy. But they never even talked about that. also Hermione wasn't that bratty at all. I would have liked her as a freind. She never did anything wrong. Ron was very loveable and funny, but should have had more lines. AND WHERE DID THE ROMANTIC PART COME IN AT THE END?? Harrys supposed to like Cho Chang....not Hermione. That was a big mistake. Also there wasn't any action. I have watched the movie twice and I know everything that was and is going to happen. They made it so predictable. Sorry I may be a snotty fashion obsessed teen, but I was expecting a lot more from this movie.
Good Movie Better Book First off I want to say that I did enjoy this movie. I saw it in the movie theater the week it came out and I now own the DVD. I am a big fan of this series of books, and the movie takes the first book (which is probably going to be the hardest to make a movie) and did it very well. This movie VERY easily could have put out some complete rubbish or horrid cartoon and relied on its built in audience, but the makers of this film instead went out and made a very good (not great) movie and stuck to the story in the book quite well. However, the movie did have one flaw in my mind that really brings down the quality of the movie. The story between Malfoy & Harry is barely told, I know that certain things end up not making it into a movie because of length, but I was surprised that they did SO little to build the primary theme of the series in the battle between Malfoy & Harry. At the very least they could have added in the bit about the Wizards Duel, and adding a few more lines in a couple of places to give Harry good reason for his animosity for Malfoy. Honestly in the hat scene Harry barely has any reason to not want to join the same house as Malfoy because they did almost nothing to build up his character by that point. Overall, this is a good movie based on a very good book. The quality of the movie especially considering it was the first really has me looking forward to the other movies based on the series to come. You can tell allot of effort was put into bringing the book to this media, and the attention to detail pays off in a very entertaining movie worth seeing. You do not need to be a child to enjoy this tale, if you havn't seen it yet go out and buy it or rent it today. You won't be sorry.
Loved the movie and am waiting eagerly for my DVD! I have always enjoyed classics and own the entire series of books by J.K.Rowling - I know of the difficulties that one can encounter when taking a popular book or series and to convert that into a movie and my take on this movie is that an absolutely exceptional job was done on the special effects and storyline throughout throughout the movie. The Quidditch match, the battle with the troll, and the wonderful scenes of the Hogwarts hall, complete with floating candles, were such marvels. These beautiful sequences were faithful to the book and were representive of the state of the art of CG animation. Yes, certain parts of the book were skimmed over and some would say that some of the character developments were not followed well enough, but most of the people who saw the movie knew the plot and were repeat readers of the book series. I was very pleased with the movie interpetation and consider it an instant classic. The DVD will most likely carry within it extra scenes and in depth coverage of the making of the movie and I just see this as icing on an already substantial and wonderful world that Ms. Rowling has given to the world. Speaking of the characters, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Draco Malfoy, and especially Professor Snapes were played to perfection by the actors and they matched my visions of them from the books. My recommendation is very clear: Get the CD and watch it often. Read the books to keep the story details clear and then pass these wonderful treasures on to your children and nieces and nephews. This is an lovely and charming series and the movie does the first book justice. I can't wait for the next book and the next movie... Keep them coming Ms. Rowling!
Keeps your kids glued to the screen I have young relatives with, shall we say, "issues." Harry Potter, despite being a long movie which would normally inspire such witty kid-actions as "try to hold your brother down till he turns blue while mom isn't watching", kept them glued to the screen for hours. It also keeps them that way EVERY time we play it. They just don't get bored, and there are fewer trips to the emergency room. This is because the movie itself is a really well done version of a pretty good book. I do think there are better books out there (the Narnia Series, for one) but Harry appeals to kids' sense of being unique, different and special. Heck, it appeals to adults' (mine included) same sense. I want to find the special train track myself, and I wish I could prove that all along my suspicions that maybe I was adopted or something were true and I was really this long-lost hero of a special world. Maybe that sense of being special can help the ordinary muggles like me want to BE special, and do good things. I think it's worth a try, and if it's at the cost of a movie rather than years of therapy, it's probably worth it. The movie's action sequences are well drawn, the magic believable, the actor who plays Harry looks the part, and I loved the way they made Quidditch look real. Get this for your kids. They will learn something about how treating people the way you'd like to be treated yourself is a good thing. They will also, whether muggle or magic kid, feel special and smart when they figure out who the "bad guy" is. Plus, it's just greatly entertaining. (Then, try to slip them some other stuff, by saying "It's a lot like Harry Potter).
Great Family Movie! This was an awesome movie to watch together as a family. If you like dramas, you'll enjoy this, but do read all the books first. They are, of course, so much better. But it's still a very good movie on its own!!!
Entertaining HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERORS STONE(2001) Directed by Chris Columbus. Starring Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, Fiona Shaw, John Cleese, Ian Hart, John Hurt and Richard Harris. The first in the series details the early childhood of Harry---son of a pair of powerful wizards named Potter who were murdered by a black wizard named Voldemort, the discovery of his magical heritage and his first year at Hogwarts--a magicians school rather like Eton and Cambridge except with monsters and ghosts. Besides the usual teenage angst, there are mysterious goings on at Hogwarts that conspire against Harry and his friends as the dread Voldemort seeks to gain the Sorcerors Stone which would allow him to remanifest himself and gain immortality. While some of the plot points could have been better explicated, this turned out to be a highly entertaining fantasy of much whimsey, imagination and not a little terror. The direction is solid. There is CGI in abundance but that is the world we live in so there is little point kvetching anymore. One enjoyed the giant three headed dog Fluffy and the Voldemort specter was chilling. The centaur and giant troll were less succesful but whatever. The film allows many of Great Britains finest actors to get away from Shakespeare and Merchant Ivory films and actually have and be fun again. While Cleese is pretty much a glorified cameo, everyone else from Harris to Smith are very welcome and pleasing---thougth Rickman takes the honors as a sinister Professor of spells and potions. While one is not sure one loved the film, one was thoroughly entertained.
Viewed with an open mind, this movie is fantastic! I have to admit that years ago, when the Harry Potter series was first getting its start, I was hesitant as a Christian to get into something that focused so much on witchcraft and wizardry. In the years following, I have learned to be more openminded about such things. Last month, I finally decided to watch the Harry Potter movies. I was immediately captivated by the movie, and its subsequent sequels. In the month that I have owned the first five movies, I have already watched them all three times. Yes, the focus of the story is on Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I caution Christian audiences not to immediately dismiss this movie just because of that. Some of you may remember the old Disney movie, "Bedknobs and Broomsticks". This series is no more harmful than that. The entire movie has a wonderful sense of whimsy to it, created by such things as chocolate frogs, banks run by goblins, candles floating near the ceiling, and the great broomstick-based soccer/polo-like sport known as Quidditch. The cinematography was beautiful. The Hogwarts sequences had such a warm, colorful, enchanting feel to them. It made me want to enroll at Hogwarts. The cast of characters is perfect, including such well-known stars as Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, and John Cleese. And the acting by everyone was absolutely superb. The musical score by John Williams is very different from the composer's normal sound, but is still a masterful score. I say again - watch this movie with an open mind, and you will be amazed and spellbound by this great landmark in fantasy.
A Delightful Family Movie Full Of Extras! I must admit, being 15 years old, I thought Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone would be rather boring and stupid. I had never even read a book, nor had a desire to. Yet, one day in school, we either had the choice of doing work, or watching this movie. You can guess what I chose, correct? ::Enter the World Of Harry Potter:: When I watch this DVD, which is now on a weekly basis, I always prefer to skip past the first 6 scenes, as they are sort of boring and dull. But once the Hogwart's adventure begins in the movie, I enjoyed watching it! Funny, delightful, cute, and charming all come to mind. The movie's scenery are wonderfully thought out, and the dialog and characters are very realistic. Aside from the ghosts, sorting hat, and all other magickal workings at Hogwarts, the school itself is very much like an old fashioned English boarding school. The movie's many aspects, also keeps one thouroughly entertained in the movie. The main theme runs through the entire film, that of finding the Stone and the person trying to keep it, yet new little twists are constantly added, to make the adventure that much more exciting. The Troll at Halloween, A game of Quidditch, A Dragon hatchling, and a trip to the Dark Forest, among other things. Overall, I believe this movie is quite nice, and, although it is no Wizard of Oz, it is a wonderful family movie, for those who like these types of imaginative movies. Only 58 days till the sequel, and I must tell you, this 'Non Harry Potter Fan' cannot wait! I hope this review is helpful to you, and enjoy your time at the movies!
disc one, golden! I just got this in the mail yesterday, giddy with joy. Watched disc one, and loved it. Tried disc two and was stymied because I dont have a DVD CD Rom for my computer, I cant access alot of the special stuff because of that. The movie however rocked!
A good movie, but read the book Harry in the book is the modern day Cinderella. He was a reviled slave in the Dursleys' home and getting the tar whipped out of him on the playground, but he wasn't submissive to the abuse. And his parents were murdered for god sakes on top of that. He fought for his own freedoms but took the punishment as well as anybody, in other words exactly the kind of rebel who always gets the short end of the stick and you want to fight for in any sort of a brawl. This version of Harry, the everyman, strong, independent hero kid didn't exactly come accross in the first half hour of the movie. That means that people who haven't read the book can't really get into the movie because they can't root for Harry, and that's what the whole series is about, and that's why you'd sit down for two and a half hours of kiddy fantasy. The same thing that happens when you've read the book in Harry's case occurs with practically every other character. Everyone just blossoms, and you notice nice details that fly completely under the radar when you haven't read the books. One thing that fans may notice is that the literary HP series has more jilted visual style than the movies do, but I say you've got to let that go. Just because Hermione isn't in dire need of braces, and you can actually see Hagrid's face, doesn't diminish the good realization of each characters' personalities. In conclusion, if you're willing to spend the two and a half hours watching the movie, you can afford to spend one night sitting down to read the book, it reads a lot faster than it's couple of hundred pages might indicate.
Rating for Amazon Online Video, Not Movie I really liked these movies overall. I signed up for something on Amazon and got a free video download and chose Harry Potter. It could be because this movie is not HD, but the quality of this product did not even seem DVD quality. In any case it looks terrible even on my 14-inch laptop screen that boasts 720p quality. I subscribe to the Amazon Prime service and I've found the streaming gives very good quality video, so I was surprised at the grainy quality of this video available from their download service.
The Book Came to Life The book was indeed more indepth than the movie but as with all movie adaptations of books, they only have so much time to cover what's happening in the book. Still, the movie covered the important parts really well, like how Harry learns he is a wizard and what happened in his past. The characters grew over the course of the story. Sure, Hermione was a smart nosed and all around brat that mnay people disliked initially, but after certain events she becomes more personable, humbled and a valued friend to Harry. Similar to the book, it makes you feel like you're in a fantasy world with all the visual cinematics and at the same time like you are going back to school. Giving a few scenes in the classrooms with all their professors like the "classroom battles" with Professor Snape and the stern, motherly but proud teachings of Professor McGonagall. The overall tone is pretty light and kid friendly with limited dark context that isn't really exposed until the later books and movies. To enunciate this the music is pretty light and upbeat throughout the movie, with some sad scene exceptions (Mirror of Erised), to give it a more warm-hearted feel. Comedy is also present to give laughs to the audience. Like in the scene after the trio (Harry, Ron, and Hermione) get lost on the third floor and encounter Fluffy. Hermione berates the two boys for their choice to hide there from Filch and states "Now if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed or worse, expelled." to which Ron retorts at Harry "She needs to sort out her priorities." And then there's the exciting scenes from the Quidditch training and matches. Nothing like a good game of Quidditch! Sure, some the actors, like the kids, did seem a little dry or emotionless at times but for a lot of them, it was probably their first shot on camera. You have to give them credit for the bravery it takes to showcase yourself to the entire world at a young age. Not my favorite, but definitely a great start to one of the best movie series ever created. 4 out of 5 stars.
The problem exists, somewhere I read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone between the publications of the second and third books, and have enjoyed them all. When I saw the trailer for the film, I was intriquged. Alright: I wanted to see the movie. A great book, and the trailer was good (although I know well that modern trailers are no indicator of quality). What's not to like? In fact, even watching the movie, I had difficulty finding the flaws. Most of the scenes worked quite well. A violent chess match towards the end of the film was probably the best moment of the film. And none of the acting is really at fault. Richard Harris, how we will miss you, come the third film (note: Harris, who died recently, played Professor Dumbledore). However, although the parts have no major flaws, (forgive the cleché) sometimes the whole is less then the sum of the parts: for whatever reason, the Sorcerer's Stone is flawed. If I were to hazzard a guess, I'd say the editing is to blame. The movie seems badly paced, with too much time before school starts, cramming the rest of the plot into too small a time period. And some information is given in a far more forced way then it is in the book. There are a few other facets that could have use some major improvements. However, Chris Coloumbus may do right by the second book. The stakes are lower (The Chamber of Secrets is, so far, the low point of the series), as are (my) expectations. He could make it a much better movie then it's precessor. If not, there's a new director for the third. I, with reservations, anticipate the sequal.
A wonderful DVD and movie. This movie version of the first volume of Harry Potter. It is a wonderful movie. It closely, very closely follows the plot of the book. First I will rate the movie part then the special features. Harry potter is has alot going for it. it has an amazing storyline, and amazing special effects. The story is about a young boy named Harry Potter. As a baby he was dropped off at his aunt and uncles house. He was abused, then hagrid, a wizard came and told him he was excepted to Hogwarts school of wichchraft and wizardry. The acting is probably the best I've seen in children actors. The chemistry between the trio is amazing. it adds a whole lot of enjoyment. And the special effects, they are amazing. The best special effects I've seen in a movie. This movie blends modern technology and a great story, to make one of the best movies of 2001. Next I will review the special features disk. The special features are great. They include a tour of Hogwarts, puzzles and games, and a commentary. The point of the game is to get to the end, witch has many deleted scenes. The tour of Hogwarts is also pretty cool. It can't go through the whole of Hogwarts, but it does go through quite a bit. The commentary is about the making of the movie, which is quite interesting. Basically the special features are great. This has better special features even than Star Wars Episode 1 the Phantom Menace. The special features are very unique, quite like the movie. Overall this is the DVD of the year, and definetly worth buying.
Really draws you in! Great movie, family friendly and entertaining... Draws you into the series, can't help but watch the characters grow and the plot really come together after this Great introduction to Hogwarts and the wizarding world.
My favorite movie ever! This is my favorite movie of all time....and this first one of the series is the best! My granddaughter (who is 3) will call out in an English accent...."oh Grammy, 'Arry Potter is on!" I love it!
Enjoyable enough to continue & order the Ultimate Edition #2 I think Most Harry Potter fans will enjoy this collection. Extended version makes you feel like you're getting every morsel of (to me) the most endearing of the HP films because it's the first one when Harry, Hermione & Ron were at their cutest and most innocent. For non book readers, it's the wondrous first introduction to the magical world of Hogwarts after all. The rest of the bonus features are satisfyingly interesting, informative & entertaining although the self-guided tours are sort of lame & I'm not sure what I'll do w/ all the extra versions (in addn to the extended version, comes w/ the reg theatrical release plus a digital copy). The rest of the bonus featurettes, although not as elaborate as the ones Peter Jackson did for the Lord of the Rings, are still worth the few extra bucks if you're a fan of movie 'extras' of your favorite flicks. I don't think I'll admit to owning the trading cards (LOL) but they ARE very nice - super heavy & larger than baseball trading cards. The photo book is actually quite beautiful. If the box/case weren't so nice (has an elegant magnetic closure) it would make a nice mini coffee table book. At less than $20, I found this collection enjoyable enough to want to continue on to the Ultimate Collection as the prices go down. I just ordered #2 (Chamber) at $19.48 incl shpg. But the prices will no doubt go lower if you can wait another several months and don't mind continuing to watch the TV reruns for now when they have Harry Potter weekends.
Without Question - The Best Children's Film I've Seen I purchased HARRY POTTER without even seeing the movie, many of us have a habit of doing that these days. I was so enormously charmend by the fantastic visual effects (they surpass STAR WARS EPISODE II), the screenplay and the wonderful cast. You need not be a fan nor read any of the books to understand what's happening. There are little hints and explanations (for both Children and Adults) that guide you through the film. One reviewer had wrote something like "The Next Wizard of Oz", despite it's time and the technicol beauty of "OZ" there always seemed something missing from it. POTTER brings it all back. There are a few scenes that maybe a little scary for the little one's and there are some crazy religious fanatics out there that have chastised the film for what they call evil, however, the film is pruely innocent. It demenstrates true friendship, understanding of other people's differences and the beauty of once being a child. You really must see this film. As for the DVD, it could be a little better on the second disc. The menus are quite annoying and I still can't seem to find the "deleted scenes". The talent bios could have been detailed and it's really not necessary to make supplemental material somewhat of a game. The sound and transfer on the other hand is magnificant, colors are vivid and the soundtrack shines! The only reccomendation, if you do have small children that have tendency to get a little scared easily, turn the volume down.
Great buy! I bought this for my girlfriend when it was on sale, and it was great. It turns out they sent us the version where that the Brits got to see, The philosopher's Stone, and it works perfectly. It comes with a digital copy, but it expired two years ago.
An exciting/different point of view I was relieved that the movie was almost completely true to the book-- or at least much moreso than other books-made-movies. For at least a year after the movie was released, I adamantly refused to watch it; far too many good books had been spoiled in my imagination by their movies. With this one, I was very attached to my imagined-version, and wasn't about to take any chances of getting it permanantly changed to who-knows-what. Well, finally about two weeks ago, I gave in, and I suppose I'm glad I did. It was interesting to get an idea of how other people invisioned Harry Potter. Most of the characters were very true and tastefully-chose, in my opinion. The movie was about as wonderful as I think they could have made it, taking into account considerable limitations and the obstacle of transforming imagination to film-- voila! (Bummer Peeves was too hard to include!!) I'm sure it is rather rude in saying so, but however wonderful the movie was, I did enjoy my imagination more. It was scarred a bit after having the movie characters molded in, too, but is beginning to come back. I don't know; everyone will have different opinions as far as that goes! All in all, it is definitely worth seeing to view another full-blown and exciting interpretation, but one word of warning: PLEASE, READ THE BOOK FIRST! It is amazing; and as with all good movies, they must have a solid foundation.
Magical! (A Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets Review) I went in to see this film after my friend persuaded me to come along, and came out with a new favorite movie. I just started reading book 1 this month, because I wanted to know what was going on in the movies, but they were really magnificent and I must say, reading the books helps you understand the movie. Nothing is explained in the much anticipated second movie, so you'll need some background knowledge. The second movie, which I saw on the Opening Night, was SO much fun that I even saw it again! The actors and filmmakers had more experience, and therefore resulted in a better movie than the first, in my opinion. Seeing the movie on opening night was a plus, because all the fans attended, clapping, cheering, gasping, and providing enthusiatic responses to the movie. If you didn't like the movie, then it was probably a dull crowd that influenced you. I think you should see it ASAP, because when I saw it the second time (a week later), there were parents and toddlers who really didn't try to enjoy the movie. Anyway, great movie; I was amazed at the special effects and how well the characters were portrayed in the movie. If you didn't like either movie, then you're just being rash, because about 20 songs each were composed by the famous John Williams, and 16,000 kids auditioned for Harry Potter. Not to mention that the 9 minutes of Quidditch took 3 months to plan and 6 months to film!
Bloody Brilliant Unless you've been living under a rock for the past 3 years or so, you know that Harry Potter has taken the world by storm, and the movie, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, continues on with the array of what-not adding to the craze. In case you don't know the story of Harry Potter, here is the plot in short--Harry Potter was sent to live with his aunt, uncle, and cousin (The Dursleys) after his parents were killed by the dark Lord Voldemort. Harry has no idea that he is a wizard or even the details surrounding his mother and fathers' death until Hagrid, the keeper of keys at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, shows up to bring Harry to the school and tell him of his past. I won't ruin the end of the movie or the conclusion for you, so see the movie to find out what happens to Harry and what he encounters along the way ; ) This movie was truly brilliant--it stayed very true to the book, only leaving a few parts out that weren't vital to the plot of the story. Plus, with all of the events and detail in the book, the movie did a wonderful job of making sure that even people who didn't read the book would understand the story and not get confused. Buy this movie, see it, rent it, read the book--whatever you have to do to get a taste of Harry Potter, do it. This movie will not leave you disappointed. A great film for the young, old, and the young at heart.
Harry Potter and The Sorcerers Stone the battle Harry finds out he is a wizard and is welcomed to Hogwarts,he finds out about Hogwarts past and his family.He also fights terrible fears but finds friends to bear with him through their time at Hogwarts.
Nearly Been Trampled By Grade Schoolers Brought My Interest About The Movie I still remember the day the first Harry Potter movie came out in the mall. I was nearby the movie theater entrance when I heard a voice say "The Harry Potter movies first showing is starting now" than I saw a mob of elementary school kids rampaging their way to the theater and I was in their way. After the dvd came out I decided to buy it just to see what the excitement was all about and I was astonished at how much I enjoyed the movie. After that I decided to but the first book and have since gotten the entire seven books of Harry Potter as well as the five movies that have so far been made. The first blur-ray dvd video and audio isn't to much better than the standard version. Some of the background is a little clearer and sharper but in all not to much of a difference and the same can be said for the audio as well. The next four I can tell you are a lot better though as those have much better picture quality detail. The audio choices are also amazing with the next four blu-ray dvds meaning the languages you can select are massive. You also get a bit more with the extras but if you're like me you probably never really check them out. So as the prices for these great blu-rays have gone down in price I say either get the entire collection set or just buy the first one and see if you like the movie. I'm sure you won't be disappointed with your decision...
A pleasant surprise! This movie was worth the wait. Daniel Radcliffe was awesome in the role of "Harry Potter". First, Harry must survive the harsh treatment of his family. They treat him worse than a stepson, even Dudley gets in on the act. Second, he must learn to train and control his newly acquired powers, and Third, he must discover where the Sourceror's Stone is hidden and its powers. This is not an easy task for someone that already has a respected reputation. Usually, I would be turned off by so much computer-aided graphics, but in this case, everything was complimentary. Nothing less is expected from Jim Henson Productions, Inc. The numerous costumes were so seamless that I never recognized John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick, or Warwick Davis as one of the bank tellers or Flitwick. Some of my favorite scenes were when Harry's cousin Dudley, quite impish with his behavior, ends up in the snake's cage and with a pig's tail after stealing and eating Harry's birthday cake. Oh, and let's not forget "Fluffy" the three-headed dog on the third floor. Don't let the cute name fool you, scary is more like it. One last villian, He Who Must Not Be Named paid a high price in the Dark Forest. All in all this is a good movie, if you can get past some of the raw language. I cannot wait for the second installment later this year.
Potter fans will want so much more The movie part of this DVD is great. The quality is terrific and the special effects don't look quite as fake as they did in the movie theater. On the downside, the "Special Features" DVD is a disappointment. In order to access the deleted scenes, you have to go through an intricate and frustrating set of exercises -- every single time. Fine if you're into video games -- but if all you want is to see the seven scenes (and there are too few in my opinion), it's a pain. It's great to have a game, but it would be easier for this non-video-game-playing-person to have it separated from the other features and that way, everything can be enjoyed. (Although I must admit to a certain amount of excitement when I passed Potions, made my way to the Stone and finally saw those anxiously awaited deleted scenes.) On the plus side, there are some amusing film bits on many of the characters sprinkled throughout the interactive section. Another is that the interview with Chris Columbus, the producer and screenwriter is easily accessible. I do not have a DVD-ROM drive and so cannot comment on those aspects -- I'm sure much is hidden there. Given the broad spectrum of extras that so many DVD's offer, this has fallen a bit short of my own expectations. But, there will still be hours of enjoyment to be had at Hogwarts.
Simply Magical This movie upped my respect for Mr. Columbus, and the the DVD helped me accept these overpriced home-movie systems. To take a story to a more easily accesable media and simply repeat it would negate the purpose of the origonal, so those who disliked it simply because it didn't hug the plot of the book close enough, just think about it from another angle for a sec'. Anyway, the movie is beautifully crafted and a boon to the entire industry. If you by chance have not seen it YET you ought to. It realy is worth a handfull of hours. As for the DVD itself, the cut sceens are enchanting and watching it with the spanish dubbing is amusing and probably a little educational. Back to general movie info, I have to comment on the music. It hearkens back to Mr. Columbus's earlier work "Hook" and did nothing but enhance the other-worldly setting. The casting was dead-on, matching my personal mind's-eye picture perfectly, barring none. I, along with my fellow Harry Potter enthusiests, eagerly await the continued release of movies and books. To Miss Rowling, the companion books are approprietly wonderfull and I have duely bought my coppy of "Quiddage Through the Ages" and the others. Harry Potter isn't just for kids. It's charm speaks to anyone willing to listen. O, and the chess game sceen is "bloody brilliant".
Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone It was a wonderful adaptation of the book, with only minor changes. However, these changes did not take away from the stories integrity, and ultimately, introduced us to three amazing characters as well as the magical world of Hogwartz. I would recommend this film to anyone who has either read the book or is just curious about the series!
Timeless classic AMAZING adaption to the book! Great acting, amazing plot and a timeless classic! The double disc version is even better. You get to watch deleted scenes, play games, tour Hogwarts, Hagrid's hut and catch a snitch. You also get to choose your wand at Olivander's. What I really love about this adaption is how Chris Columbus really captures it, its like the book really brought to life. Also, BEAUTIFUL DVD case. Opens like a book.
The DVD you have to own!!! First off, if you have a DVD player, then you *must* get this movie. This is by far the best DVD I've ever, and will ever, see. Hands down. This is loaded, I mean, loaded with extras. You can have a 3D tour of Hogwards, Hagrid's home, and you get to cast spells, and much, much more. One of the best things about this disk is that if you want to see the 7 deleted scenes, you have to work for them. You have to find some keys, get your money, get your wand, go to school, and do spells. If you do all of this correctly, you get the honor of seeing the extra scenes. Besdies this being a outstanding DVD, this is a wonderful movie! Join Harry as he learns on his 11th birthday that he's a wizard. "Yer a wizard Harry". Harry's life is changed for the better when he goes to Hogwarts to learn magic. The Special effects are impressive. The Quidditch match is worth the pice of the DVD. I highly suggest you get this movie. I'm a big fan of this books. I have just 3 small complaints. And I mean these are small. I'd like to have seen the Weasley twins used more. They were so funny in the book. I also thought that Snape should have been a bit meaner, like he was in the book. In the book, Herimonie used logic in one scene, not magic. I highly suggest that you get this moive. If you do, I promise you won't be sorry.
I've always known there was magic in the world HP proves it I've always known there was magic in the world HP proves it! Harry Potter was a joy to watch my grand children loved as much as I did. Now that they have seen it; what am I going to do with all these owls
Are you A Beliver? I thought the movie was the bomb! the only reason that I gave it four stars was because they added some stuff from book two, like nerly hedless nick being dissapointed about not being in the hedless hunt, and they left some stuff out, or changed, like norbert. In the movie it is Harry, Draco, Ron, and Hermione who goes into the woods, but in the book, it is Harry, Draco, Hermione, and Neville. Slight change, but still. I thought that the actors were awasome! It looked like a lot of fun to do the movie! I cant wait for Nov. 16 for the second one to come out! I have read all of the books, about seven times each, and I could say them backwards in my sleep! They are some of the best books in the world! Those of you who say that witchcraft is bad, it is a religon, saying that is almost like saying god is bad! A different way of thinking of things, huh? If you think it wastes paper, that comes from trees, that make oxygen, 75% of all the oxygen comes from plankton, in the water. I am a HUGE fan of Harry, and I believe in Whitchcraft. My friend is Wiccan. She is awasome! She made me levitate! It was cool! It is amazing that we can look magic in the face, but not relize it! It is truly amazing! Next time, you think you loose you keys, they might just be shrinking! So stop looking over it!
Magical for the home Dark, lengthy and full of whispers, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" makes for a curious kids film. But wannabe wizards and other fans of the century's first boxoffice phenomenon will find the DVD transfigures theatrical drawbacks into delights. While some multiplexes were incapable of delivering "Potter's" visual subtleties, the wand wavers at Warner conjure up a two-disc DVD set in which magical images replace most of the murk. Flesh tones that threatened to wash out hold their detail nicely, even by candlelight. Down-in-the-dungeon scenes exhibit an artful but still clammy blend of pale blues and blacks. The outdoors quiddich match scores with a handsome 3-D illusion. Royal reds, golds and Augusta greens saturate the screen throughout. Whites still seem unnatural at times. The Dolby Digital 5.1 EX audio (in English and Spanish) brings out the many muted lines of dialogue, allowing listeners to catch all of Headmaster Dumbledore's admonitions. (There is no DTS option.) The children's voices are clear; John Williams' signature score enjoys a sweeping soundstage. Rear effects seem like they could do a lot more - especially in the frenzied quiddich game. But there are snitches of inspired surround in the air. The games are OK, some are frustratingly simple but addictive.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was by FAR one of the greatest films ever made. The only movie that is even close to the running with this one is "Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring." Harry Potter had, what I thought to be, a magical atmosphere that simply beckoned to you to sit on the edge of your sit (like when you were 7 or 8 and you went and saw Star Wars) and get totally lost in it all. Although I was disappointed that they didn't really persue the emnity between Harry and Malfoy, or show the album full of wizarding pictures of Harry's family, they nonetheless stayed VERY close to the plot, the time sequence and the magic. I loved the cast of HP&TSS. They picked the perfect Harry, Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Profs Dumbledore, Snape and Quirrell. I was a little disappointed in who they picked for Prof McGonagall. Not that I don't LOVE the actress that played her, I just thing that McGonagall should have been much younger... even though actress Maggie Smith was perfect in her portrayal of McGonagall's attitude. I can't wait for Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets to come out next Fall. I'll be waiting. We must expect great things from you Mr. Potter. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things - terrible, but great.
one of the best movies i've ever seen! captures the book perfectly! i am into harry potter in every way, and this movie was well done because 1. the actors actually look like the characters in the book. 2. the set is awesome, i just want to pop into the scenery. 3. for the entire movie, you are either on the edge of you seat, drowning in tears, or laughing out loud. 4.the movie follows the plot of the book so well! hope this was helpful!
Good movie Read the book with my son. They did a very good job at reflecting the book, but as usual the book is always better and more complete. The characters were well developed and well played. Special effect were great as well. We had a good time.
Delightful! Okay, so some of the reviews are really bad. I don't care. I loved it. I found it delightful and very entertaining. When the movie came out, there was such an uproar about it corrupting children and that its real purpose was to bring them over to the dark side. Yeah, right. I found it to be none of that. I think it was more about magic than witchcraft and that it had some good lessons in it. Lessons such as knowing how to choose one's friends instead of being told, whether that friend is part of the popular crowd or not, how to be true to oneself, that love really does conquer all if you have goodness in your heart and that good is always better than evil. I think for those children who don't like to read, and let's face it, there are plenty, this is a really good movie. They can still experience the Harry Potter mystic and didn't have to crack a book. However, it may also make them want to go back and read the book in addition to the subsequent books, and whatever encourages children to read is a good thing. They may even learn a lesson or two. I'm thinking of picking up the other books myself now! ... If you want to be entertained and want a movie you can enjoy as much as your kids, then get it. I think you may find that you really like it.
My 9 and 3/4 yr old loved it! My son is only allowed to watch the movie after he's read the book. He loved the movie and has watched it 3 times now.He gives it 4 stars because the book is better but the movie is very entertaining!
enjoyable After watching the first four movies I finally decided to have a look at the book to see things at their source, so to say, and found it satisfying. The first point I wish to stress is that the first movie is a more than adequate rendering of the book: some of the plot has been changed but the atmosphere is just the same. Where he movie clearly surpasses the book itself is the visualisation: Ms Rowling has no outstandin talent for -or is just not interested in- the settings while the scenographers of the movie clearly have, plenty of... Hogwarts and the other minor locations, which are so very much alive and impressive in the movies, are rather dim in the first book. If the scenes are outright beautiful they are also the main asset of the film. Acting is fine, of course, there being so many competent British actors; the children are convincing too but this too, one has begun to take for granted. Direction and screenplay are not up to this level and this nearly spoils the fun: the movie is slow, and the dialogues put in the mouths of the actors really put their talent to test. Maggie Smith in particular has been given lines so silly I really hope she has been well paid to pronounce them.
100% Pure Fun This was a fun and fine movie in overall, and the five stars are just for the movie itself, one of Chris Columbus's best along with 'Home Alone'. One of the reasons for giving five stars is the acting: Alan Rickman did a very great job, and Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane were both excellent in their roles. And from the young actors, there were some small flaws, but Tom Felton's acting was the best. Now when it comes to rating the DVD, I'll have to give 4 stars. The special features were a little dissapointing: There was only one interview, no interview from the actors, and the other features such as the self-guide tour around Hogwarts was a little weak: the picture quality wasn't very good. And of course, there was the complicated excess to the deleted scenes. It was a bit entertaing at first, complicating also. But whenever I want to see the deleted scenes again, it gets very annoying, keep going through the same steps all over again. But there are some good points,too. The library with the album of the main characters was helpful because I could watch some of my favorite scenes without searching the DVD. Also, the deleted scenes were great. They almost make up for the flaws in the special features disc.
Harry Potter and the Sorcer's Son (DVD) Got the basic version years ago, but wanted the wide-screen version. Now I finally have said version and enjoy it immensely. Would I get another one? Yup, as a gift. Any problems? Nope. What I like? I dislike watching TV-films with cropped edges. Wide-screen works perfectly!
Great movie Great movie. I showed this to my 5th and 6th graders as a lesson on light and shadow and how the movie would differ if it wasn't so dark. It sparked a great conversation about how they could change their own art.
Exactly what I was looking for I am a huge collector when it comes to movies. The must have dust covers, all disc, and what not. Im usually worried about buying from amazon when it comes to movies cause I like to see what it is I am buying and and I want to make sure it has everything. This item was exactly what I was looking for and now I can feel safe in knowing when I buy the rest of the Harry Potter series from this seller, it will be exactly what is displayed.
Great Set! In today's BD/DVD world where everything has extended, added, edited,director's cut... this movie is actually an improvement on what is already a very entertaining movie. There are additional scenes that actually add to the story. Those of us that have read all the books often get a bit caught up in the differences between the books and the movie. The additional footage fills in a bit of what was missing. The additional footage will be of interest to those that would like the movie to come closer to the book, and will add a little help understanding the details for those who have yet to read them. In addition to the added content, the BluRay version is a superior visual and audio presentation. I already had the first, older BluRay edition and was instantly impressed with the video quality of the new release. I don't know what they did different but the new BDs are superior to the disks that cane in the BD "trunk" set that came out a little over a year ago. The added (non-movie) features are entertaining also. I especially like the deleted scenes and the interviews with the main characters. If you are a HP fan, you will love this release. If you aren't yet, you just may become a big HP fan!
A good attempt of the book Harry Potter is a phenomenon around the world. That is for sure. The motion picture of the first book of the series is a very promising attempt of the story, attending every bit of the details. However, for the book lovers, they might feel less satisfied in a way that not all the materials included in the book were shown. This could be understood in a way that a featured film for mostly kids can't be too long or it would lose the concentration of the audience. Nonetheless, for people who really love the book, this might not be as good as expected. On the technical side, the Quidditch match is well filmed and presented, but for other parts of the movie, like the ogre attack and Fluffy, the level of effects is not as promising. It was said that in the next movie, ILM will be responsible for the special effects, hopefully it would be better. For the actors playing the main characters, they are still very green, although Hermione did a very good job in being a very difficult girl. More development could be given to the actors, but since this is the first Harry Potter movie, it is assumed that they would become better and better in the up coming ones. Overall speaking, this movie is a good pass time for all.
Well worth the extra cost. Ever since I saw the extended version on television i've wanted to have a DVD of it. Can't wait to collect them all. Can't say i'm crazy about the books and cards that come with it. That makes the package bulkier (oh, well).
Good Movie, BAD EXTRAS This is the tail of two DVD discs; one gets 5 stars and the other gets 0 stars. If I could give a 2.5 star rating I would. First let me start off with the good things...the film itself. This was one of the best adaptations of novel that I have seen (the best being The Green Mile). I thought that the characters came to life and that the images and effects were wonderful. It really transports the viewer to Hogwarts. The DVD captures the film beautifully and I thought the picture quality was very good. Now on the other hand, disk 2, the Extras. Well, I guess they would be great if you could figure out how to see them. I read that it is like a game where you are a student at Hogwarts and need to get all of the things for school prior to going and exploring the grounds to find the deleted scenes. Well, if you are an adult have fun because it is near impossible to figure out. I guess it would be fun for the children and I guess I should face the fact that this movie and DVD was intended for children. All in all Great Movie, and DVD, just not such great extras. I would buy this DVD if you liked the movie and have some time to spend to try and figure out the Extras!
A wizardry concoction of pure delight. Join Harry Potter as he takes his magical ride on the Hogwart's Express for his first year at Wizard School. Harry is a young boy living in a cabinet under the stairs at his Aunt and Uncle's house when the film begins. He's rather abused, and noisily neglected by his aunt and uncle and greedy cousin until Hagrid comes along. Hagrid is a wizard himself, a caretaker at Hogwart's school of Wizardry. From the moment Hagrid removes Harry from his relatives, an adventure begins that will have you laughing and delighted, no matter what your age. Fantastic special effects and a long journey into the magical world of wizardry combine to make an extra special film for all ages. If you have read the book, you will find the movie is nearly a mirror image of the book, an outstanding adaptation of J.K. Rowlings phenomenal story. Within the movie, there are characters you will find your heart warming to, such as Hagrid, a loveable old thing, and Professor Dumbledorf, a wise wizard with a soft spot, and there are enough villains (or suspected villains) to keep you guessing until the end. A movie to own, to watch, to share, and to watch again. Invite your friends and have a Harry Potter evening!
Harry Potter hypnotizes... This film is as true to the book as it could possibly be. The cast is ideal, and, hopefully, will be able to complete the series intact. Having read (and loved) the books, but not as much of an aficianado as some other members in my family, I did not catch the parts which were, either, combined or omitted. Thus, I felt no need to pick it apart. It is, in fact, a rousing good story, with a plot that holds your attention consistently, throughout. Harry Potter is the nephew/ward of a truly dysfunctional family, who finds out at the age of ten that he is a wizard. His parents, who were successful wizards themselves, were mysteriously murdered by the evil Lord Voldamort. After attempting to do the same with baby Harry, Voldamort was somehow vanquished through means unknown. Because of this, a certain respect is paid to Harry by almost all except his muggle (nonmagic) relations and, Professor Snape from Hogwarts, the wizard school which Harry eventually attends. This is the Wizard of Oz/Alice in Wonderland/Morte de Arthur of our age, and I, for one, am enjoying the ride immensely. I highly recommend that everyone, especially if you have resisted thus far, do the same.
Excellent and Creative This movie is the type you want to watch over and over again. I recommend it for anyone that enjoys the Harry Potter collection or a good adventure. My kids also love this one.
3.6 stars from me. This is a pretty good adaptation of the first of the five Harry Potter books and for the most part it's pretty enjoyable. This movie is of a young boy named Harry Potter who lives with his mean-spirited relatives The Dursleys in Little Whinging after his parents were murdered and has live a hellish 11 years of his life under their mistreatment of him. Harry however, learns about his past and discovers the ability to create magic with the use of a wand and goes to a magic school called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and a whole new world awaits him. Harry learns that his parents were killed by an evil wizard named Lord Voldemort and now that he's returning, Voldemort is after a legendary artifact called the Sorcerer's Stone to give him eternal life. Harry Potter now has to stop Voldemort from getting ahold of the stone. This movie for the most part is really good but while it's good, it's kind of drags on a bit in places and is boring in some areas too but is a lot of fun. The sequel "The Chamber of Secrets" though is a lot better but this first one is a decent start.
Great Introduction to the Magical World I love this movie but do the story justice and read the book first. The book helps to fill in a lot of details the movie can leave out. The two complement each other.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I was never interested in any of the books But wen The Movie came out I thought it looked good So I went and seen it with my dad and WOW WHAT A GREAT MOVIE. It tells the story of a boy who is adopted by foster parents who are very mean to hem and do not let hem know anything about his real parents. Or who he really is. But one day he gets a lot of letters that his foster parents try to keep from hem. That are invitations to Hogwarts, a school for young witches and wizards. And wen there Harry finds out that he is someone who is very special and is treated like a Celebritiy because of what happened to his real mom and dad wen he was just a bady. Both me and my dad really enjoyed this movie and we both are over 18. there are some very deep stuff in it that makes you think about. Like a Mirror that some people go mad wail looking in to that shows them what they want the most. And some other stuff that make you think I don't understand why Lord of The Rings fans are saying bad things about this movie I am also a Lord of The Rings fan and I thought both movies were great
A must have for any Harry Potter fan  Watch it in higher quality here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9pVrP0aOIA Watch the rest of my Harry Potter Ultimate Edition Collection videos here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWITUa_LHZlKdFDifUDJgE03O3vEQbCQR
The Wizarding World come to life! When this came out in 2001, I was excited after seeing this movie. It was wonderful to see all the people, places, and events as they happen in the book before your very eyes on the screen! However at the time, some things were left out of the book like one of the challenges at the end, I wanted to see more of Madame Hooch, and I really wanted to see Snape ride a broom! Still years later, I have to admit there were time constraints on the movie and could only do 2 hours or so of film. This is a great film to start off with (whether or not that you read the books). Must watch.
The new Wizard of Oz This movie will be the Wizard of Oz of our time. This is one of the most enjoyable movies I've seen in a long time. I saw this movie after reading the book. What a marvelous adaptation. I had a huge grin on my face as I sat in the theatre and watched in awe as the characters came to life on screen from the horrible Dursleys to Ron and Hermione. I was most impressed by the array of talented actors, especially Maggie Smith and Daniel Radcliffe. He was amazing as Harry. Alan Rickman was superb as Snape; effectively conveying his dislike of Harry. For the sake of time, there were some scenes that were changed in the movie, such as when Harry Potter meets Malfoy. In the book they meet on the Hogwart's Express and at the end of the movie, when Hermione solves Snapes potions puzzle (which wasn't in the movie). All in all, it was a faithful adaptation of the book. That will probably annoy the hell out of all those right-wing Christian lunatics who condem Harry. If you're sane, and enjoy a good story with great special effects and acting, get this movie.
An Excellent Adaptation Adapting a book for a film necessarily requires some adaptations and changes. These are usually for the worse. This film is an exception. Compromises have been made but it has been splendidly done. Most of the story from the book has been carried over and the work has been done in a creditable fashion. This is particularly nice in that a fantasy film is particularly difficult in this regard. The story is of a young man who is unaware that he was born a wizard. After the death of his parents, he was raised by relatives who detest him and have tried to keep him from learning about his heritage or even knowing that there is any such thing as magic. The magic community has not forgotten him, however. The young man has a past and famous parents. He is also the only person ever to have survived a fight with "he who must not be named". He did this at the age of 2. Now, he has been accepted at an academy for wizards. His eyes are opened to numerous possibilities and soon he is involved in solving a mystery. Things are not all as they seem at the Hogwarts Academy. Foul things are happening and young Harry Potter is determined to figure them out. That in itself constitutes an education. This is an extremely entertaining film for kids of all ages. It is well done and will appeal on different levels to people of all ages.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone My son and I are reading the series together at bedtime and after reading the first book, we decided to watch the first movie. We were impressed with how well it went along with the book. Obviously some differences but overall we both enjoyed it.
Deleted scenes are hard to get to. This movie is just fantastic. Very true to the book, unlike most films. This is a definite plus. With the good come the bad. The deleted scenes are a pain to find. I originally thought I'd been had and it was false advertising. However, once I discovered it was at the end of the game, I felt better. The picture quality is okay but I've seen better. There are moire patterns with the passing Hedwig on the menus and the visual effects are not blended very well. Even my kid said, "now that looks fake". Blanching I said, "yes it does". As far as the movie goes, the acting was very good. Emma Watson was a little too over-dramatic for my taste but she's the only one. The casting was superb. The set was 'just as I imagined'. Perhaps even better. I liked the dark look about it. I take away a star for the visual effects problem and the Hedwig/Menu/Moire pattern problem. I don't take away more stars for the visual effects because I think it's the setting that caused the problem. Can't describe it, you'd just have to see what I mean instead.
Harry Potter 36 yo Fan I've read and enjoyed all the HP series books. I read them after seeing this movie. The movie was very magical and enchanting that I decided to read the young adult book at my age of 24. I'm now 36 years old and am currently reading the eBooks. I've seen all the movies on the big screen. And the last few became a required family viewing (Mom, cousins, Aunt, etc). After countless waiting and 7 movies, I was pleased with the movie series. I saw Deathly Hallows Part 2 at my local theaters Thursday opening night at midnight (2nd lifetime movie I saw for opening midnight showing). The movies are brilliant. As a Harry Potter fan, I enjoyed watching these movies countless times. Harry Potter is a very charming orphaned boy who finds out he can do magic. He then goes to this amazing school called Hogwarts. A school even I wish I could attend to. Harry Potter bless you. The actors have matured throughout this series. They've developed their skills and really perform well for their audience. Daniel, Emma and Rupert have really done well. The product DVD is quite good. I've got the cardboard cover 2 disc edition. I recommend both product and the movie series.
A movie for the ages Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone is one of the best movies I,ve seen in years. This movie unlike most in recent years almost pulled almost every image from my deepest imaginations. HPATSS is a movie of pure magic. The story tells of a young boy whose parents were killed by an evil wizard and that Harry would become an admired magician. He wouldn't know anything about his parents until he was 11. The school in the movie with the awesome special effects and magic wands makes me wish that school in real life was like that. Many school would've been so much more interesting than it is in real life. The movie would retain the top spot as the number one movie only briefly before the Earth-shattering masterpiece Lord Of The Rings overtook it. Harry Potter is a movie for all ages to enjoy. Even my 83 year old grandmother loved it. Guess it shows that this movie was made for all ages although it might spook the very young. I,m not going to tell everything about this movie. You just have to go and see for yourself.
good I thought that this film was pretty loyal to the harry potter book although in some cases I think it really missed out on some important parts. The special effects were pretty good overall, except for the quiddich match which was, in my opinion, a big disappointment. Daniel Radcliffe didn't do too badly for his role at potter but i'm sure he will get better as the movies progress. You might think that with these comments that I disliked the movie, but you couldn't be more wrong. There are definitely more good points than bad. The whole castle layout was perfect in my eye; from the great hall with its floating candles and pumpkins at halloween, to the Griffindor common room. Watching the movie made me love the books all the more as I was able to see the characters come to life in exactly the way I imagined them (all except for Dumbledore who I felt was a bit boring compared to the Rowling character, and the Weasly twins could do with a bit of liveing up). Overall, a brilliant film and one that I would watch over and over again.
Faithful Adaptation of the Novel The following behind J.K. Rowling and Harry Potter is tremendous. However, just because a popular and world-famous book is turned into a movie, doesn't mean that the movie will be a success. Nor does it mean the movie will be any good. Often, movies based upon novels are terrible (look at the many bad movies based upon Stephen King stories, for instance). Sometimes, a movie based upon a novel ends up better than the original work (FIELD OF DREAMS or JURASSIC PARK for instance). However, it is a very rare case when a movie based upon a novel succeeds as a piece of cinema and stays true to the original work. HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE is such a film. The film stays true to the novel on which is based and leaves very few details out. It also works quite well as a movie. Even more surprising is that the film successfully introduces the world of Harry Potter to the uninitiated without becoming bogged down in details. The actors do a brilliant job, the special effects are fairly believable, and the cinematography is picturesque. The only major drawback to the film is that the characters aren't completely fleshed out. Of course, complexity of character perhaps is best left out of the first of what will be many films in a series. A delightful film that most are sure to at least half-way enjoy.
"I shouldn't have told you that..." Harry Potter lives in #4 Privet Drive under the stairs. He lives with his Aunt and Uncle and he's cousin. After going to the zoo, Harry gets into trouble with Uncle Vernon and Vernon locks Harry in his room. Soon after that, letters for Harry are arriving through the door, down the chimney and even in a pack of eggs (which is a deleted scence on Disc 2). Soon, Harry learns he is in fact a wizard, and his parents were wizards. He goes to Hogwarts to learn magic. At Hogwarts, Harry meets some friends, and some enemies. The Quidditch game is an impressive scence. Hagrid keeps repeating "I shuldn't have told you that" whenever he gives away something important. Disc Two contains a tour of Hogwarts, explains the game of Quidditch, Interviews with the Moviemakers, classrooms, library, and other stuff. To unlock the deleted scences on Disc 2, you have to get a wand from Diagon Alley first. To get to Fluffy, go to the "Classrooms" menu. Everything is clickable in this menu. Good luck.
Harry Potter hardly misses. There is really only one reason I didn't give this film 5 stars: the fast pace of the movie. It jumped around too much. I did like everything else though. I loved the quidditch scene, ( EVEN THOUGH BILL MURPHY SAYS IT WAS A SNOOZE-FEST) it was great. Sorry Bill Murphy but sometimes things aren't always how YOU pictured them, or how some Dale so-n-so tells it. Maybe You guys are wrong and, hey, everyone else on earth is right. Anyway, my being a fan of Harry Potter has in no way hindered my review. It was a good movie. Not great, but good. It told the story of Harry Potter and the Sorceror's stone and cut out nothing that is important. (Sorry, but Peeves wasn't that important). I was very pleased to see that they left the snake scene in because it has importance to the next film. All in all, good film, do not hesitate to buy it (Cause it's gonna go fast) and enjoy it. I heard there are lots of special features, so if the movie doesn't satisfy you, just play around a bit. Buy it.
a note about the difference between widescreen and full Let me start by saying that Harry Potter is a fantastic movie and will make you want to dive into its incredible world. Great characterization, dialogue, sets, and cinematography. I highly reccomend it, for anyone, not just kids. The only special features that are really worth it are the deleted scenes Now, about the difference between the two versions. I accidentally got the full-screen version and was rather upset with myself, being a widescreen advocate. Then I came across a particular website. I can't post the URL but, search on google for harry potter dvd comparison and it'll be the first hit. Anyway, it turns out that Harry Potter was filmed in super35 film. That means that both the widescreen and fullscreen editions are "crops" of the actual original footage which is a larger area of view than either format. So, what all this means is there are things you can see in the fullscreen version that you cant in the widescreen and vice versa. You'll need to decide for yourself.
A good translations from the book Okay, many of you will be saying that the movie did not translate well from the book. My 12 yr old daughter would probably agree. But when one analyses it, it would have been impossible to incorporate so much from the book into the movie and keep it to a reasonable length. This must have been a huge dilemma for the directors and producers, "what to put in the movie". When one accepts this and focuses on the content of the movie, I don't think you can help but be pretty impressed with it. Bringing to life Harry Potter and his world was accomplished very well in my opinion. I found the movie atmospheric and I was drawn into his world. This to me is the mark of a good movie. I loved the settings and the overall colour of the movie. I thought the acting was okay, nothing to rave about, but adequate. I have seen the movie twice with my kids and I enjoyed it both times. I have a small collection of DVD's and I'm quite discerning about what I buy. This DVD will be joining the collection.
A top notch HD DVD The Harry Potter series is made for the HD DVD format. Although not as audio intense as Transformers or Star Wars, the aural impact of this movie was impressive nonetheless. Any Move with TrueHD that takes advantage of it gets points in my book! I am not going to go into plot, because if you dont know what the Harry Potter series is about, you probably have been living in a cabin writing your manifesto in squirrel blood on toilet paper. Just understand that any movie where kids are casting spells, riding broomsticks and fighting three-headed dogs, the audio better be up to the task, like this HD DVD. The Picture was more than aceptable. Like King Kong, however, some of the CGI special effects were apparent at the high HD DVD resolution. Unfortunately this HD DVD lacks the wow factor of a helicoptor tuning into a robot or Megan Fox bending over a Camaro. The extra features on the first disc are astounding. You get about 7 deleted scenes in HD, background information into production - which is usually available on SD DVDs. The difference here is that it appears the studio tried to fill the disc with as much data as possible. If you like Harry Potter you will love how much deeper this HD DVD takes you.
Exactly as described Love the harry potter series and mine got stolen while I was in college. Perfect condition and plays without any skips. also came with original case and trading cards that I gave to my niece. I would recomment this seller to anyone.
The wonderful world of Harry Potter! This is a great movie and I love the special features on the DVD. The deleted scenes were not easy to find, but they were worth the effort. You find them on the special features disc in the classroom section and click on the symbol on the torch. Going to classes was very interesting. I don't know how many times I got blown up and ended up in the hospital wing in Potion's class! The interviews with Chris Columbus and David Heyman were informative and gave you a view of the building of the sets. I do wish that interviews with the cast had been included. I was delighted that the movie followed so closely to the book. There were a few scenes that were different (students sent to the Forbiden Forest, Norbert, Harry and Draco's meeting, etc.) but that did not detract from the movie. Although I did have to go see it a second time to enjoy it fully and not compare it to the book. This movie is the first in the series of Harry Potter and no fan should be without!
Everything and more... It's one thing to say that Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone didn't align directly with the book.. However, for a movie with a target audience of children it's not possible to incorporate every single part of the original storyline unless you wanted a 5 hour epic. Credit must go both to JK Rowling and Chris Columbus for this project which capitivated almost all sectors of it's audience. The performance of Tom Felden as Draco Malfoy seems to have gone largely un-noticed... I believe that he equals if not out-doing Daniel Radcliffe. Also, the all-British casting of the show worked to great effect as it kept a sense of continuity in the accents and subtle nuances of the character. This movie is amazing.. sure! buy it for your children (but get a second copy for yourself while you're at it) You'll be swept away by the amazing characterisations, the music, the cinematography and the pure magic which goes to make up "Harry's Wonderful World"
Harry Potter Scores BIG! I have to admit that I am usually unimpressed with a film that is made from a book. In this case.....I was PLEASANTLY surprised. To make a long story short....... I read the books because some children that I tutor were huge Harry Potter fans. I wanted to see what all the hype was about so I bought and read them also. They were great! I couldn't imagine how a filmmaker could bring this to the screen and still stay true to the book. I was very happy to see that Chris Columbus did just that! Of course there are very small subtle differences that really aren't important for the story and also save time to concentrate on the BIGGER story. The special effects, story line and characters make for a great movie. I have now watched my dvd at least 7 times and enjoyed it each time!(The dvd came out earlier in Europe) I now cannot wait until November for the Chamber of Secrets film. I recommend this film to anyone who loved the book, or anyone wanting 2 1/2 hours of pure fun!
Harry Potter... It is a fun and whimsical story that captures the imagination and brings you into a world just beyond the...well...train tracks. Teen angst, magic, mayhem and some very interesting characters round out this first installment in the very popular series. We Muggles can enjoy a place we were never meant to see...
Commenting on Other Reviews!!!!! After writing my review, I went back and read reviews from other ''critics''. A few of them said that the film was boring because it was too true to the book! What is that for an excuse? When a film is made from a book, it should be exactly like the book! Why make it(the film) if you are going to use another title and story? I always look forward to seeing the adaptation of the book brought to life. I have a great imagination and always want to see how others imagine it also. I think Chris Columbus did a fantastic job on the film. He also made the right decision to stay true to the books. I don't want to see The Chamber of Secrets if the characters are different, if the protaganists are different or if the story lines are different. If I want a new story and characters from Harry Potter..... I will wait for the next story from Miss Rowling. I really feel if you are a fan of the books, you will miss out if you don't have this film in your collection.........
Severely Disappointed with the DVD release I'd almost swear that there is stuff missing that I remember seeing in the movie theater. Also, the special features is ridiculous. I didn't want to play all the games and go through all the tasks just to see the cut scenes. I've been all over the Harry Potter official website for almost a year now, and read the books numerous times, I did NOT need everything respelled out for me over and over. Also in the book the smallest bottle of potion should be the one who gets Harry to the Stone, however the dvd special feature game seemed to have just randomly picked another and I had to start allover again. I also think they really skimped out on cut scenes. After Snape's potions class there's over an hour left in the movie, where's the rest of the cut scenes? There had to be more. The movie itself was pretty good aside from what I've already said, so if you don't care about cut scenes and goofy slow loading games go ahead and buy a copy.
Intimate Harry Potter-is DVD better? Just got through viewing this DVD for the 3rd time and I find new things in the movie that I missed, or overlooked, or ignored...like the huge mass of Fluffy-saliva that drools down onto poor Ron...YUCK! I totally spaced on that part of the scene.Valdemort was more alevolent and vicious up close, also the Devil's Snare looked a lot more realistic in the DVD than the movie. Norbert's birth brought a tear to my eye, really, again, the intimacy of Harry Potter. What can I say, it's fabulous. Gorgeous color, dense black, magnificent Dolby Surround sound track that grows on you, I swear, the more times I see the film, the more I like John Williams scoring..it was kinda fomrula in the theater, but it really is an enjoyable set of notes. I may go out on a limb here without my Nimbus 2000 to catch me, but I think this DVD is superior to the theatrical release, because you can get up close and personal with this film. I feel young watching it.
A Keeper! I admit, I had a very difficult time reading the J.K. Rowling books, for some odd reason. I attempted to read the first Harry Potter book several times, but each time it seemed to serve better as a dose of valium than as an interesting read. That's a first for me, esp. with a book of this genre. However, while I still struggle to get through the reading, I must give the movie version 5 stars, as I'm completely fascinated and impressed with the amount of work put into its making. From what I hear (from those who've finished the books), the movie has it's differences in certain plot parts, or has omitted parts that die-hard fans are up-in-arms about...but isn't the usually the case when a book goes to film? That difference aside, if you want a magical, fast-moving film that's suitable for children and adults alike, get this one. I own it and have watched it at least 4 times (and it's a long movie!). Can't wait for Part 2 of the movie!
