A Well-Done Introduction To Another World This is the first installment of Steven King's fantasy series, The Dark Tower, which follows the story of the Gunslinger Roland, the equivalent of an Arthurian knight in the world King has created, and his quest to reach the Dark Tower in order to make the world right again. This installment tells the story of Roland's search for a mysterious stranger who may be able to help Roland find the Dark Tower. It is long on atmosphere and short on action. Therefore, fans of Steven King's horror works will find this book a distinct change of pace. However, the book will not disappoint you if you try it, especially if you are a fan of fantasy series such as the Lord of the Rings. Furthermore, you will find in later books that elements of King's horror world also exist in Roland's world, and therefore, to have a full understanding of King's horror villains, you have to read this series. The Gunslinger offers several intriguing views of Roland's dying world. The book is not devoid of action; there is a dramatic shoot out for shadowy reasons which one hopes will be better explained in the concluding volumes of the work. There is a lost child who provides the first direct evidence that Roland's world is connected to our own, and there is the introduction to Roland himself, a man who is capable of fantastic violence but still comes across as human and quite possibly kind (a fact which becomes more clear in later books). I recommend this book most highly to anyone who enjoys stories involving quests such as Arthurian legends, the Chronicles of Prydain and the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings.
Start of the series and writing seminars I've read a number of reviews of the series and have been told by friends how great it is, so I decided to check it out. Reading and understanding the intro/forward King has written in this revised edition helped a great deal. King wrote this book early in his career with the intention of writing a grand epic. He explains the author of this book at the time had not really found his groove so to speak and had spent a little too much time in writing seminars. One particularly revealing comment King makes about himself was that the seminars taught him to favor ambiguity over clarity and simplicity. He also goes on to mention when he revised the book he found many areas for improvement, but was able to leave the writing alone in places where he was seduced into forgetting the writing seminars by a particulary entrancing piece of story. I find this captures the book well. Reading it, the book shifts from a very interesting tangible plot to the Gunslinger slipping into ambiguous dreaming and past thoughts within the same page. You can almost tell where King has gone back and done revisions as you can see his 30+ years of experience fixing his amateur mistakes. Taken by itself, I didn't find the book that intriguing. Just average. Taken as a series I will definitely trek on to the future volumes as a number of people have told me the first one is sort of one you just have to get through. It's good it is a quick read and sets up alot of what will be revealed later.
Imagination to paper takes time At under 300 pages, "The Gunslinger" - the first book from Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" series - may seem oddly short, especially when compared to the latest volume from the epic, weighing in at around 700 pages. And still, Constant Reader, there are thousands more to go! According to the afterword from this book, it took King twelve years to complete the writings. He wrote the opening line, "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed" while an undergraduate, the middle portions when "`Salem's Lot" was going bad, and was inspired with another concurrent writing: "The Stand." For King to have kept the Gunslinger, the Man in Black, Jake, and the other characters - and really the entire world of the Dark Tower - alive for so long in his mind is a testament to not only the power that this held over the author, but holds over us - his Constant Readers. Moreover, since the first publishing of "The Gunslinger," around twenty years have passed, a number of newer volumes in this series have come and gone - yet with this first, partially inspired by Robert Browning's poem, "Childe Roland," and partially inspired by reams of green paper (read the afterword to the book), you know that this was a very special creation indeed. I am not a fan of King's horror fiction. But when he gets down to writing about "other worlds than these," such as "The Stand," "Insomnia," "The Green Mile," and "The Talisman" (co-authored with Peter Straub) - there is no one better. His is an imagination to be jealous of. There is always a feeling that alternate universes exist, next to our own. King imbues his other worlds with just enough of our own so that we feel a tantalizing connection between our own perceptions of reality, and those that King entertains us (Constant Readers) with. At any rate, "The Gunslinger," at under 300 pages, is just right to introduce us to the world of The Dark Tower, and keep us on course, with a desire to continue (and to wait, ever so patiently for the next volume in the series) the journey the Gunslinger started many years ago.
Not the best book ever, but the gateway to greater things. I did not find The Gunslinger itself to be an enjoyable read, at all. The pacing was odd, the voice was bleak, the writing rather juvenile, even after a clean-up attempt by a much older King, and the ending was nigh incomprehensible to me. After reading it, I had absolutely no plans of pursuing the Dark Tower series further. But! A friend (to whom I am eternally indebted) practically force-fed me the second book of the series, The Drawing of the Three, and from there I was hooked. The rest of the series captivated me. It made me laugh and (toward the end) cry so hard that I occasionally had to put the book down and compose myself before I could keep reading. These days I'm an evangelical DT fan, pestering everyone I know to try the series. It's just such a bother that I have to tell everyone "You won't like this, but read it, the other six are amazing."
Gunslinger: Special Edition? In the forward to this new edition, King seems almost apologetic for the pretentious choices of his younger self. I agree that the language and feel of the first book never really gelled with the subsequent books, but I never saw that as a bad thing. Ultimately I don't think the changes make the book any better because I personally never thought it was "broken" to begin with. The added "easter eggs" are a treat, but the tone of the book seems less dark and Roland less ruthless. There are never any Greedo shoots first moments or anything, but King's attempts to make Roland a little more sympathetic are the moments I liked the least. I don't want to spoil anything, but the hard uncompromising, and yes, noble murderer portrayed in the original telling has softened a bit too early in this new one making his redemption seem slightly less significant to me. I understand the reasoning behind many of the changes and King's desire to get new readers into the series, and honestly, I still love the work as a whole. Of course I've read this book so many times over the last dozen or so years that I'm probably more than a little resistant to change, but my first impression remains luke-warm. New readers that haven't already read this or any of the other books in the series should do so immediately. While I may be ambiguous to my preference, either version of this great book is better than 99% of what passes for fantasy these days. This series is America's Lord of the Rings and so much more. I won't be surprised if years from now kids are painting "Roland lives" in subway stations around the world.
a bone-dry beginning I am a huge fan of Stephen King's Dark Tower series of books. I think that "Wizard and Glass" is possibly the best book he has written so far. I am always evangelizing others on the greatness of King's massive uber-story. Yet book one, "The Gunslinger," seems to be one heck of a stumbling block for most folks. This is understandable. The story begins with Roland (the main protagonist of the series) in his darkest place. He has become hardened, unable to love. The story ends with him making the most heartless of decisions. "The Gunslinger puts the capital "G" in Grim. Yet this almost unbearably bleak backdrop is essential to what the story of Roland and the Dark Tower becomes. In it we learn of what Roland is--a "Gunslinger"--and how he became one. We learn of the treachery that has set the course of Roland's destiny in motion. Most of "The Gunslinger" comes off like a flashback wrapped inside a horrible hallucination. Bad things happen and there is no fulfilling end to this part of the tale. It understandably turns a lot of folks off to going any further with The Dark Tower. I am here to tell you to keep on pressing on. King's story is, in my opinion, turning into one of the most epic and worthwhile tales ever written. The dryness of the Gunslinger is more than compensated for in the following books.
So many questions, so few answers The hype surrounding the Dark Tower series finally got to me and I picked up The Gunslinger, unsure of what I would find. What I found was a stark, fresh, somewhat surreal and demanding (yet light!) experience that left me wanting more, much more. This first novel in the series finds the hero (for wont of a better word!), The Gunslinger, slugging across the desert in search of the mysterious Man in Black. The desert is bleak and so our the words - yet they have a definite beauty. Along the way The Gunslinger meets a couple of people (are they alive or dead?) and reveals some of his back history - a strange massacre in a town, his childhood friends and mentors and hints at a Dark Tower. Death permeates this book. We're not sure who's dead or alive. Something strange has happened with time - the main search right now is for this cause - and strange fragments of the "real" world appear through the fog - Hey Jude playing in a Western Saloon is one of the strange and wonderful images we encounter. Time itself is an illusion it seems and still the Man in Black is ahead of us. My one reservation about the book is that the final meeting with the Man in Black is a little anticlimactic. Perhaps that's because it's been building up but after the meeting we wonder why he was running at all. However, there is a lot of backstory missing in the book - obviously slated for the later books - so perhaps issues like this will be resolved. All in all a most strange but powerful book - well worth reading.
Challenge Yourself Lots of five stars here. Lots of one stars, too. Comments like "hard to follow". "Boring." "No plot." I would argue that the plot is so big, some are not seeing the forest for the trees. The books of the Dark Tower cycle are King's most important, not because they are the easiest to follow, not because they are quick reads, but because with these novels not only is the author is tapping into a collective mythology, but is tying all of his works (see "Insomnia", "It", "Eyes of the Dragon", "The Stand", and many others) together. In other words, these novels stand at the center of King's entire body of work, connecting them to itself and one another, and thereby lending deeper meaning to the whole (kind of like the Dark Tower itself, no?). This is an ambitious attempt, and one in which I believe that King is unique. And the guy is pulling it off. Now, as for "The Gunslinger." If you are one of those that were unimpressed by this offering, please follow this advice: Read the whole thing. All of it. That includes the "tributary" books like "Insomnia" and especially "The Stand." Get a feel for what King is trying to do. Then go back for a re-read. You'll be amazed. Admittedly the pace is disjointed, and if you have read King's other stuff, you won't be prepared for this. But realize that the sparseness of the prose, the disjointedness and abjectness and disaffection of the novel mirrors the desolation and madness of Roland's soul (which is in turn reflected by the desolation of the desert and the madness of the man he chases). Realize that in this novel, King is setting up payoffs that don't come until years down the road, that won't hit you until the second reading (and if that isn't the mark of a great story, what is?). Just to take one example out of many: Roland's massacre of the shanty-town of Tull seems excessive, until the end of Book IV, when we get the payoff: Tull is the remnant of the village that burned Roland's love, Susan Delgado, at the stake. The massacre can be read as Roland's revenge on the town. "The Gunslinger" is a book of subtle shades and undertones, and is not the best of the bunch (that would be "The Drawing of the Three"), but it is a perfect and impressive foundation to an ambitious and excellent tale.
Get through this one. You'll be happy you did. This is the first in a wonderous series about Roland the Gunslinger. Roland hails from Gilead, an ancient or possibly future civilization where the blood-line of King Arthur Eld is highly regarded as protectors of the world. Unfortunately, by the time we meet up with Roland, the world has moved on. Roland is following the man in black. We don't know who this mysterious figure is until the end of the book, but we do know that he holds the first clues for Roland on the quest for the Dark Tower. What is the Dark Tower? Amazingly enough, a lot of it is explained in this book, though it's hard to grasp the concept until one has read further into the series. The series opens us up to the concept of multiple worlds in multiple universes, all held together with beams, which are breaking and thus, the Tower is being destroyed. The Dark Tower series is also held together by beams. These beams are other King works. Any King fan should read this series because it opens up so many treats for the "constant reader." There are tie-ins everywhere. The Gunslinger is linked to the rest of the books in the series, which are linked to other King books such as Salem's Lot, The Stand, Insomnia, From a Buick 8, and Rose Madder (which is linked to Desperation and Regulators). Wow! All this depth and a great story to boot! As we follow Roland, his quest becomes our quest. Every journey starts with one step. The first step is "The Gunslinger."
The Gunslinger followed "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." So starts Stephen King's Dark Tower series, which has become a modern fantasy classic. This raw dark fantasy seriesstarts off in "The Gunslinger," a fragmented but compelling story of the last gunslinger, Roland. As the story opens, the last gunslinger Roland is travelling across a world that has "moved on." He's hunting a mysterious man in black, who holds the key to a secret Roland has been hunting for his entire life. He stops in a town full of druggies and religious fanatics, only to leave it partly ruined -- and still in pursuit of the man in black. But a part of our own world enters: Jake, a young boy who was killed in a horrible traffic accident. The gunslinger takes Jake under his wing, and along on his quest. Together they cross horrors and dangers -- until they find the Man in Black, and the doom that waits for Jake a second time. All for the sake of finding one thing: The Dark Tower, the linchpin of the universe. "Gunslinger" is only a small sliver of the vast story that the Dark Tower series has become, and it's also the most fragmented. For a long time the story-line meanders from one ominous thing to another, speckled with Roland's reminiscences about his not-so-pleasant childhood. Things only become earth-shaking in the last part of the book, where Roland catches up to the Man in Black. The world King creates is a nasty, desert-like place, part medieval, part postapocalyptic horror, and part old west. Sex, drugs, rock'n'roll ("Hey Jude"), religion and long-ago politics are mixed in with the basic quest. King's writing is detailed, raw and vivid, with plenty of shoot-'em-up action, succubi and mutated monsters to keep readers on their toes. The Gunslinger is like a dark fantasy version of those gritty P.I.s that Humphrey Bogart sometimes played. He's rough, tough, dark, he doesn't reveal much of his feelings, but he has the occasional soft spot, and his hidden feelings seep out rather than being obvious. Jake is a good sidekick, kind of naive, and completely clueless about this strange world he's been hurled into. "The Gunslinger" is perhaps the weakest of King's Dark Tower books, but the ending hints at the future outstanding developments. Dark, fragmented, and genuinely creepy.
one more opinion So...347 reviews, eh? wow. Well, no one will read this, but i'd like to say it anyway. I'm now into the 4th book of this series, and i have to say the gunslinger is by far the best. I liked the last two, they were even addicting once i got into them, but none like this one. the gunslinger (and if you do read it, its worth getting the new version with the intro to king's inspiration for writing this book. for a lack of better words, its cool.) stands outside the series. it's darker, its mostly just roland the gunslinger in a nightmare version of one of sergio leone's movies. the world, an admitted mix of "the good the bad and the ugly" and "lord of the rings", is so fun and dark and full of possiblities. simply put, the other books feel as though they are part of a whole, that they are a set in a series. the gunslinger's ending is open, but it feels like its own dark world full of creepy crawlies and cowboys. like i said the first time i read it when i was 13 "this is rad"
The best creation of King's imagination takes time .... At under 300 pages, "The Gunslinger" -- the first book from Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" series -- may seem oddly short, especially when compared to the latest volume from the epic, weighing in at around 700 pages. And still, Constant Reader, there are thousands more to go! According to the afterword from this volume, it took King twelve years to complete the writings. He wrote the opening line "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed" while an undergrad, the middle portions when "`Salem's Lot" was going bad, and was inspired with another concurrent writing: "The Stand." For King to have kept the Gunslinger, the Man in Black, Jake, the other characters -- and really the entire world of the Dark Tower -- alive for so long in his mind is a testament to not only the power that this held over the author, but holds over us -- his Constant Readers. Moreover, since the first publishing of "The Gunslinger," around twenty years have passed, a number of newer volumes in this series have come and gone -- yet with this first, partially inspired by Robert Browning's poem "Childe Roland," and partially inspired by reams of green paper (read the afterword to the book), you know that it was a very special creation indeed. I am not a fan of King's horror fiction. But when he gets down to writing about "other worlds than these," such as "The Stand," "Insomnia," "The Green Mile," and "The Talisman" (co-authored with Peter Straub) -- there is no one better. His is an imagination to be jealous of. There is always a feeling that alternate universes exist, next to our own (or maybe, ours exists within a molecule in some other reality). King imbues his other worlds with just enough of our own so that we feel a tantalizing connection between our perceptions of reality, and those that he uses to entertain us with. "The Gunslinger," at under 300 pages, is just right to introduce us to the world of The Dark Tower, and keep us on course, with a desire to continue (and to wait, ever so patiently for the next volumes in the series) the journey that the Gunslinger started many years ago.
Against the grain... Unlike many people who have left reviews here, I view Stephen King's first Dark Tower novel, "The Gunslinger" not as something to be suffered through in order to get at the riches which lay beyond, but as an excellent stand alone novel. Lousy at some may think it is, I actually fell in love with that old version of "The Gunslinger". No, it's not your typical, linear, run of the mill story. If that frightens you, stay away from this book. It's written in an artistic, vague, almost pretentious way (King edited some of this out in the new version, but the core stil remains). Obviously some people find this annoying, but I love it. To me it is almost the novel equivalent of a Sergio Leone movie, because his movies can be described much the same way. Needless to say, I was more than understanding of King's admission that "The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly" was an inspiration for this story. So I very much surprised when I learned that King had gone and "revised and expanded" this novel which I loved. Blasphemy! I thought. Of course, I went and bought it anyway. My feelings on the new version are mixed. I like the additional scenes (almost like watching the cut-scenes on a DVD), but overall the novel seems to have lost something to me... lost a bit of that original pretentious magic. Slowly but surely, King has degenerated his Dark Tower story into just another one of his crazy romps where seemingly anything and everything goes. I, for one, will always prefer that mysterious, haunting image of the last gunslinger, following across the desert. But that's just me.
here we begin... Stephen King starts out his massive Dark Tower series with the words: "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." Quickly pulling you into this twisted world of fantasy and western and a great quest, you as Constant Reader chase the man in black, across the desert in a strange and frightening place in time. A little patience is necessary for getting into the story; it's not much like any King you've read before. As relentless as the gunslinger (who we come to know as Roland) is in his pursuit, it's also a little slow going. King does not give you much back story in this slim novel, although as you read the rest in the series you will learn the past of most characters revealed here (and many more). Roland follows the man in black through a small town, where he is forced to make a final, violent decision to save his own life. As he continues on his long journey, he meets a boy from Earth, Jake, who died in our world and has somehow appeared in this one. Roland and Jake continue on together, but somehow Roland knows he may have to lose the boy, as much as he has come to care for him, to finally meet the man in black. The Gunslinger is only the first of many in the Dark Tower series. It is not as long, as involved, or (in my opinion) as well written as the others. It introduces you to Roland's world, but you don't get to know much about it or him. Keep reading. The answers start unfolding, and the pace definitely picks up with the second in the series, The Drawing of the Three. It's a long journey, and a very fine and exciting one at that.
Re-read it! I read this book one year ago and was very confused. For me, King has always been a writer who created likeable characters, but this Roland seemed like a cruel lunatic to me. The story was also a bit disjointed. But, never judge a story when it has just begun. And this is merely the beginning of King's largest work (in fact, it ties together most of his other stories as well). So I read on. And after the next books (especially after "Wizard and Glass") I understood why Roland has become this "Tower-Junkie". So I went back to reading "The Gunslinger" again. (In fact, I listened to the audiobook read by Frank Muller. If you like the books, buy the audiobooks, you will love them!) And now that I see this whole work as one, I like "The Gunslinger" as much as the rest of the story. Altogether, it makes up the finest story I have ever heard. I can't wait for the final trilogy to be published in 2001, 2002 and 2003, if King stays to his word. If you like this series as much as me, don't forget to read "The Stand", "The Eyes of the Dragon", "'Salem's Lot", "Insomnia" and "Hearts in Atlantis", for all of them are very good, indeed, and crucial for the Dark Tower series.
THIS is King's Legacy "The man in black fled across the desert and the Gunslinger followed." With these first words King begins one of the greatest epics to come out of fantasy fiction in a very long time. Many wonder what Stephen King will be remembered for once he shuffles off this mortal coil. Will it be Salem's Lot, or The Shining, or The Green Mile, or The Stand? Those will be remembered the way one remembers Sir Edmund Spenser's Amoretti, or John Milton's Samson Agonistes, or Virgil's Ecologues. All are important works in their own right but all are vastly overshadowed by greater, more penetrating, works. For Spenser it was The Faerie Queen, for Milton it was Paradise Lost, for Virgil, The Aeneid, and for Stephen King it will be The Dark Tower Series. Stephen King creates a world of infinite depth and complexity in this series. The world he creates is one of decadence and misery. Baudelaire would have been proud, Eliot would have wept, indeed, the third book in this series is named after Eliot's famous poem, The Waste Land. The atmosphere alone would have made this a great book, but it is the character of Roland which makes this an epic. In Roland, King creates a modern day Epic Hero, a charater in search of a great prize, The Tower. This first book gives us only a superficial glance at the world of Roland, and I suspect it is King's intention to not give us an indepth look at Roland and his world in this first book. After one reads "The Gunslinger" one feels like a man in a thick fog looking for a path to follow. As one progesses through the series the path becomes clearer and one begins to see objects, that like magic, simply appear before them. Here we see Roland pursuing the Man in Black, an old enemy. He pursues him at the expense of all, including a dear companion. Yet, like a force of nature, Roland continues, unrelenting, uncompromising, unstoppable. His will leads him through monstrosity after monstrosity, horror after horror, tragedy after tragedy. This is the cycle we see in the first book and this is the cycle we see throughout the epic. It is Rolands will which makes him a hero, not his training as a gunslinger. And throughout all of the stories we sense that there is something underlying the very fabric of the story. A indescribable force that one cannot see, only feel, like a breeze from the wind. Is it the Man in Black's teacher, an even more ancient enemy to Roland? Is it a character that has not even been revealed in the first book (or even in later books)? Is it the Tower itself? It is Rolands attempt to discover that force that makes the Dark Tower Epic the masterpiece it is. And I say here and now that this series will be Stephen King's Legacy for future generations, just as The Aeneid was Virgils, just as Paradise Lost was Miltons. He may be remembered for other works but none will ever surpass this one. This is King's most advanced writing out of all of his fiction. I dare anyone to read this epic and prove my words wrong.
The beginning of Stephen King's best work The Dark Tower is quite possibly my favorite book series of all-time. Something about Roleand Deschain, the last gunslinger, and his journey for the dark tower has struck a chord within me. This is the first book of the series, and while it's not my favorite (maybe The Drawing of the Three or Wizard and Glass would earn that distinction), it's the beginning of Roland's journey and is how I first fell in love with the story. As soon as I finish book seven of the series, I immediately want to pick this one back up again, the series is that good. Also, I love the new paperback edition. I can't stand the cheap, mass produced paperbacks that were the previous Dark Tower editions. This is a much nicer, "softcover" edition, with a smoother, higher quality surface and sleeker feel and has a lovely redesigned cover. I look forward to getting all of the dark tower novels in the new editions! I will include a side by side with an earlier edition of Wizard and Glass for comparison of the new size/style.
It's not just a guy thing I've just completed the first in The Dark Tower Series, and I have to say, I think, this is one of King's best told stories yet. I was a little disappointed to see one review suggesting that this book is "a guy thing"; so, ladies especially, I wanted you to know (coming from a woman, mother, wife, etc. and long-time King fan) that this book has a little bit of everything told in a parallel world that will keep you turning the pages, in true Stephen King style. Roland, the last Gunslinger, is a likeable, and realistic character who shares a wide range of feelings and reflections that will make you love and hate him. His dealings with his women, his mentors, and his too brief travel mate, Jake, make him a rugged, yet soft-hearted hero, one that I will not too soon forget. The book is hard to put down, and will make you long for the next pages in the saga, even before you've finished.
Something for Everyone The enjoyment of this book/series truly depends on your personal interests in reading, so I have seperated my review into different categories relating to the audiences that it might appeal to. Traditional Stephen King Fans: This isn't the standard horror that most associate with Stephen King. It's a much broader book, with a strong base in fantasy. If you're looking for a good scare, you won't find it here, but will still be able to enjoy the familar style of writing you come to expect from King. Fantasy Reader: Most fans of fantasy find this to be very enjoyable, but will also notice a bit of a departure from fantasy in the classical sense. It's not a book that's filled with your standard princes, dragons, or sorcery, but contains many parallel elements. The worlds in this book dip in and out of our own, creating a deep mystery sub-theme. Definitely Fan-fic material. Stephen King Fantasy Fans: In a nutshell, this is your book. The series is by far the best in King's arsenal of fantasy novels, and you will not be able to let go of the characters whom you'll get to know so well. Don't worry, you'll be a Tower Junkie in no time. General Public: Very, very interesting. The books are rich with plot, and the inclusion of the characters' personal histories adds to the empathy that you will inevitably feel for them. My only note of caution is that this series is a bit hard to get into. However, if you can hold out to the end of the first book, the feeling fades and there's no letting go. ((Extended Note: Another perk with this series is how most all of King's more prominent books have worked their way into the storyline, some more than others. For instance, there are strong links to Salem's Lot and Bag of Bones, and anyone who has read such can easily see and appreciate the connections.))
An Amazing Novel First, if you are a Stephen King fan, this novel is unlike his other works. Secondly, if you don't like Stephen King's other works and you enjoy reading fantasy, you will like this book. This book is unlike any horror novel written by King. If you have read the Eyes of the Dragon, this book is similar to that. I read this book for the first time three years ago. Since then I have read the entire series and read this book two more times. It seems like King is telling two stories. One is of Roland's past life and the other is the situation he is faced with. I find Roland's past as interesting as the current plot. For fantasy lovers, I might compare Roland to Aragorn from Tolkien's work. One of the last great men of a great people. Willing to die for his cause and for honor. He is the best at what he does, he does not feel pain, he cannot quit. His task is to find the Dark Tower. Where he will find it and what it holds he does not know. What happens. The gunslinger is following the Man in Black. He tells us the story of a town he destroyed because of the Man in Black. We meet Jake, a boy sent from our world to Roland's by the Man in Black. We follow Jake and Roland across a vast desert as he trails the Man in Black. Nothing can keep Roland from the Man in Black, and in the end Roland talks with the Man in Black. I like this novel, I like this series. I highly recommend it.
King reads the first volume of his epic fantasy Most of Stephen King's books fall into the category of horror, but he has also touch on fantasy elements. In addition, many of his works have an epic quality to them; The Stand is one of the best examples of this. The Gunslinger is the first volume of Stephen King's Dark Tower. The book first appeared as stories in the Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction before being collected in a limited edition by Donald M. Grant. The book eventually appeared as a trade paperback available to all. The series is ongoing, with the latest volume to appear in either 1997 or 1998. The story takes place in a strange world that contains familiar elements (patrons in a bar at one point sing Hey Jude). The focal point of the tale is Roland, the last of the gunslingers. His quest for the Dark Tower becomes his reason for living. Stephen King is the reader of this audiobook. I have also felt that Stephen King writes as if he was talking out loud. This makes his reading more interesting and illuminating. While his voice is not trained, he more than anyone else is able to illustrate the world he created. He also is the reader on the other two volumes. I enjoy listening to audiobooks, but I normally don't buy them. Stephen King's unabridged works are exceptions and his own readings are at the top of my list and the Dark Tower series is his most interesting work.
Worthy of Tolkien "The man in black fled acsross the desert, and the Gunslinger followed." With these words, Stephen King began what is turning out to be one of the best epic fantasies since Frodo started on the road to Mordor and another Dark Tower. Much like Middle-Earth, Roland's universe (which we later learn is called Mid-World) is not shown to us all at once, but rather revealed to us slowly; we discover it as the characters do. Similarly, very little at first is revealed about Roland's quest for the Tower, just as the Ring-Bearer knows almost nothing about the task he must perform -- save that both journeys will be fraught with peril, hovering at the brink of disaster and madness, and that each may cost more than the hero is expecting (or willing) to pay. Roland in particular has lost almost everything he holds dear in his quest before The Gunslinger even begins; the first we see of him is as a lone figure, all but used up, still doggedly trailing his adversary west to the sea. In the course of this somewhat-episodic story, we slowly learn more about the mysterious Roland, and his strange world, which parallels our own so eerily (note the effective use of the song "Hey Jude", which startles the reader even as it provides an anchor of familiarity in this semi-alien environment). We meet Jake, the boy from our own world who was pushed into Roland's (almost literally) when he died in a New York traffic accident, and whose character has unexpectedly come to inform and influence the story as much as, if not more than, that of Roland himself. We encounter the darkly magical aspects of Roland's world, both in his encounter with The Speaking Demon below the Way Station, and in his strange, eerie tryst with the Oracle in the Mountains, surely one of the most atmospheric, best-written passages in any of King's novels. We pass under the mountains with Roland and Jake, encounter the hideous Slow Mutants (which provide us with a clue as to just how the world began moving on), and just as light begins to (literally) appear at the end of the tunnel, the bleakest moment occurs, and we learn to what depths Roland is capable of sinking to attain the ultimate goal of his quest. Along the way, we slowly begin to learn about Roland's childhood -- his training as a gunslinger, the day he witnesses a hanging partly brought about by his actions, the serene majesty of a Harvest Dance in the Great Hall, and the first inklings of trouble between his mother and father. Later, we learn how Roland's confirmation of his mother Gabrielle's adultery will force him to take his final test, and become an apprentice gunslinger, at the youngest recorded age for such an event. These flashbacks inform and echo the rest of the story -- i.e., young Roland's realization of his mother's treachery and Jake's growing certainty that his friend will betray him; the sacrifice of the hawk David, and another sacrifice that will grow to haunt Roland ever more deeply as time goes on. This novel, which according to King took the longest of all his books to write, is very well-constructed, a good story in itself which also implies that there is much more to be discovered in the successive volumes (and this has indeed proved to be true). Most of all, I love the implications of the final chapter, the long palaver between Roland and the man in black, which suggests that not only is Roland's universe dying, it may be nothing more than a mote of dust within another, vaster universe. This concept is hardly original to King (even he admits he got it from someone else), but rarely have I seen it so well-executed as it is here. In fact, the entire story is infused with the idea that Roland's world, moving on as it is, is just one of many continua that are endangered in this story. Jake's final words to Roland, in fact ("Go, then. There are other worlds than these.") would indicate that this is in fact so. Roland's strange, threatening, yet somehow beautiful world -- much like Middle-Earth -- is one of the best settings for a fantasy/quest story that I have ever seen, and the more that is revealed, the more enchanted I am. Roland and his journey may not be exactly on a par with Tolkien's tale of Frodo and the One Ring -- but it's pretty damned close. King's most ambitious work may well turn out to be one of the best fantasy epics ever created -- and if you haven't started it yet, you really should.
Genesis of Stephen King's Epic Series To say that The Gunslinger is a grand western tale would be wrong. To say that it is a grant fantasy would be wrong. The same goes for science fiction. Well, what is this strange thing? The Gunslinger is truly a unique reading experience, successfully managing to roll off as one genre and then promptly switching to another. This story, the tale of Roland the Gunslinger and his search through a dizzying wasteland for the elusive Man in Black, is enigmatic in itself, simply a small appetizer for the real complexity of the series. All to often it has been singled out for its utter weirdness, its individuality from King's other works and also of the rest of the series. It is a very distanced and forshadowing tale, best read alone, perhaps with a popkin (sandwich) on one side of you and light from a devil-grass fire. This, being Stephen King's grant epic and all, could only be compared to the works of Tolkien or Peake of the Gormenghast series as being a tale of magic and quest, but as for everything else... The Gunslinger, just as its cold hero, stands out in the crowd. The breath-taking realism of the characters in this strange world is almost scary: the border-dweller Brown, the sexual bar-keeper Alice, the mad preacher Sylvia Pittson, and of course, the boy from New York Jake. Roland himself, in his stubornly narrow view of anything in the world besides the Man in Black and his Tower, is a study in the western loner (think Eastwood's "Man With No Name") so openly simple and yet mind-numbingly complex in nature. An instant classic, this revised version of the 1981 book is a true joy for all fans of the quest, the magic, the horror, and the western. Become a Tower-Junkie with the rest of us.
Finally! The Gunslinger was my first non-movie view of Stephen King's world and boy, I was impressed. I went in expecting a fast-moving, horror-ridden novel that would leave me sleepless for a week. It was well-paced, and it did have its moments where your hart gives a lurch or two, but if it left me sleepless, it was because this novel just ROCKS. It's difficult to find a fantasy that can really make you sit back and think. We've got plenty of fantasy, but the struggle is to find something deep and thought-provoking. I finally found the object of months of searching...a novel that isn't predictable, too "mushy with theme", is dark but not in an unsettling fashion, and can make me think.. It's name is The Gunslinger and it is the best new novel (in the since that I haven't read it before) that I've read in a while. It has believeable characters and dialogue, a hint of magic and mystery, a truly intriguing setting, great writing..and most importantly, a healthy dose of thought-provoking ideas. And if that isn't the basis of a great novel and series in the making, then I don't know what it is. A full-hearted recommendation to deep fantasy lovers.
Hesitant at first, but now a fan I've been unsure of the Dark Tower series for a while. I've never been a big fan of King's other works and was hesitant to really get into his most complex and epic work. I was wrong. This is great literature, forget science fiction or fantasy, at its best. The Gunslinger is in many ways the perfect introduction to a long serial epic such as The Dark Tower. It's not too long and does a great job of defining both the main character of the series as well as his ultimate goal. Motivation, friends and enemies can all be fleshed out later. The length is great because, if you turn out not to be a fan, you haven't invested yourself in a massive work (I'm thinking of friends who sloughed through Dune only to find it wasn't their cup of tea). If you've never read a Stephen King book before, don't take this as an indication of his other work. It's different, but in a very good way.
In the beginning... The Gunslinger begins the saga of Roland, an old west style gunfighter lost somewhere in a strange parallel world. It is a classic story of good vs. evil and only begins a race to the mythical Dark Tower. This book is a short fast read that sets up the plot for the Dark Tower series. The characters are imaginative and interesting, although King leaves allot of holes in the puzzles their pasts (to be pieced together in later installments). As a stand-alone book, it's average King but it's obviously essential if you want to try on this epic multi-book quest. A decent read that will leave you scrambling for answers in Part 2.
3 stars as a standalone, 5 when considering the series The Gunslinger is a worthy introduction to the world of Roland and his quest for the Dark Tower. It sows the seeds for what is shaping up to be a definitive, ingenius masterpiece of a series. A very short novel, but it gets its job done. It gives us an overall character sketch of Roland and his obsession, gets Jake into the mix early, and tells the tale of a bit of adventure in the final days before Roland finally meets Walter, the man in black. Besides its foretelling and awesome conclusion, The Gunslinger, when considered alone, is little more than an adventure story in a strange world (albeit beautifully told, as always when discussing the King). When considered with the entire series, it becomes obvoius that King is deliberately laying the ground for something absolutley huge. So go ahead, read this one (You can do it in one sitting, I know you can), and then pick up The Drawing of the Three. Now that's classic King.
A Slow Start to a Magnificent Series When I read the original version of this book, I would have only given it 2 stars. It was dry and incomprehensible, I had no idea what King was getting at. Normally, I'm not a fan of authors editing their works "after the fact", but King has succeeded in making the book more enjoyable and understandable by his later year editing. This new edition, I would put at 3.5 stars, but decided to round it down to 3, since it took King 2 tries to get it (and also because I suspect that the book making more sense is in part due to my having read the other books in the series.) I especially appreciated the forward King wrote discussing his vision for the book (a cross between The Good, The Bad, & The Ugly and The Lord of the Rings.) This helped me understand the picture he was trying to paint in the book, because honestly, when I first read the book, I didn't "get it" at all. This book is the first of a 7 book series that presents a wonderful story of alternate universes and time travel, and how time and alternate universes are all entwined. But, little of that is present in this 1st book, which is basically a "prologue" to the other 6 books. This book is short (by King standards) and doesn't cover much ground. The book introduces the main character Roland, and gives a small bit of history of Roland and some vague hints of his quest and the future. The rest of the series does get better, and the events in this book will make more sense as one reads on in the series.
The book that started it all! I received this book as a Christmas present in 1988, and even as a 15 year old had it finished by Boxing Day! I became totally engrossed in the storyline and was fascinated at the images and characters it introduced. I'm not sure if King realized when he wrote this story that it would develop into the monster that he's just about to complete with the publication of the final book in a few weeks. This book will leave more questions than it answers, and readers should not expect to read it and be totally fulfilled. This book just hints at the history, tragedies and issues of Roland's life - it's a fast, easy read that gives readers enough to want to leap into the next chapter; "The Drawing of the Three".
Bah! why they gotta put his picture on the back of my book!? I've read a handful of his, seen a coupla movies; I don't appreciate the gore, but his mind-leviathons are appreciated & i figured, "a whole world created out of Stephen King's brilliant imagination?...i gotta try THIS!" (besides, he keeps extending it, which=super-kool...) "I wanted to get inside my readers' defenses, wanted to rip them and ravish them and change them forever with nothing but story" -the man
Most Original fantasy world since Tolkien----Incredible book I recently read the new and revised version of "The Gunslinger", having read the original a few years ago. This new version is easier to read and foreshadows the other books much better than the original. Its an incredible work, and I recommend this series to anyone interested in Fantasy, Science Fiction, or even fans of King's horror. The Gunslinger is at heart a fantasy epic tale, but it is set in a western/fantasy world with science fiction elements. I know that sounds vague but once you read the book you will realize how accurate it is. It is impossible to classify as a single genre because the world King has created is so original. Very Dynamic characters (who change over time and are not just painted black and white) with great characterization, interesting character interactions, moral issues raised, and the fact that this is the beginning of a series which only gets better and better instead of worse and worse, make this book a must have for any fan of SF, Fantasy, or King's work in general. Unlike a lot of the other Fantasy epic series out there, This one has an end in sight. All of the books will be out by september of 2004, so no worrying about when the series will finish. Also, don't think that this is going to be horror just because it is written by King. He sprinkles in some scenes where they are appropriate, but this book is very different from most of his other works in that regard. Roland, the main character, uses his guns and wits to pursue Walter, the man in black (a wizard or priest or something else?) across the great desert. He must catch Walter to interrogate him about Roland's greater goal: The Dark Tower, Lynchpin of time and space, which happens to be falling apart. Along the way, he deals with many problems, some simply from the terrain and some which are traps laid by the man in black. To tell more would give things away. The Gunslinger (and the whole series for that matter) has something for everyone. It has great characters, a moving story, one of the most original worlds since Tolkien, and of course the beautiful prose which has made S. King the world's best selling author. It has pistol wielding cowboys, chivalrous medieval societies, wizards, demons, interdimensional travel, mutants, ancient machines from the great societies of the past and much much more. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. It will open up your imagination and change how you look at the originality of fantasy/Sci-Fi literature. As many other reviewers have mentioned, you will appreciate it more after reading its sequels, but this revised edition is still worthy of 5 stars as a stand alone text.
Vintage King & A Great Series' Opener! Stephen King's fantasy/western, "The Gunslinger," is the first of the books that comprise the extraordinary "Dark Tower" series. Roland Deshayn, or Roland of Gilead, is the last of a long line of noble gunslingers. He inhabits a world that has "moved on," or is in the process of dying, and what remains is a wasteland. A man of few words, this enigmatic epic hero, (I picture Clint Eastwood as a younger man), pursues his nemesis, a sorcerer named Walter, the elusive "man in black," leaving behind a trail of bloodshed. Most of the blood is shed by Roland's own hand, as he is forced to make crucial decisions, "degrading to his spirit," in order to continue with his quest to seek The Dark Tower, the "nexus of all worlds." As Roland makes his way across the brutal heat of the desert, the reader learns about the Gunslinger's past, and his knightly quest, through a series of flashbacks to an earlier time. Although nothing specific is described in this book, it is apparent that there were problems dealing with violence and revolution in Gilead, and a terrible betrayal - all provoked by Marten, Roland's father's court magician, a much greater sorcerer than Walter. These events could have precipitated the destruction and misery that is the present state of affairs in Mid-World. Roland's premature coming-of-age rite is described, however, as are the relationships of his youth, and a bloody showdown with the entire town of Tull. Through these episodes, one gets a clear image of a man, mature beyond his years, who has seen much and done more. And he accepted his fate long ago, while still a boy, with a foreshadowing of all the anguish he would cause and be caused on his quest. On his journey, Roland meets a man, a lone corn farmer at the edge of the desert. He is offered a meal, a bed and cool water, as well as some rare conversation with the farmer and his talking raven. Later on the trail, he meets the boy Jake at an abandoned way station. Jake was killed in a previous life on what seems to be earth, (NYC) - his death was caused by the man in black. Roland, although portrayed as emotionless and cold in his pursuit of justice, does develop an extremely strong attachment to the boy. The Gunslinger finally catches-up to the man in black for a final confrontation. The dark sorcerer tells Roland's future with a deck of Tarot cards and then dies. Obviously, as the series continues, Roland's journey will be a long one - after all, it has to last through seven books. "The Gunslinger" is almost guaranteed to travel through several different worlds before he reaches the Dark Tower. His next stop, in "The Drawing of the Three (The Dark Tower, Book 2)," will be the Western Sea. Author King sets a mood of total solitude here, a loneliness that is almost chilling. And the scenery is as empty, solitary, and almost as devoid of life as Roland's journey. I am aware that there are several characters in this novel, and not all of them exist in the past - but one is always left with the feeling that Roland is completely alone, with the man in black ahead of him, the only other living creature. The quest for the Tower is the only thing of import. Everyone and everything else is secondary. This series is supposedly inspired by Robert Browning's poem "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came." This edition has been revised and expanded by the author. In his new introduction, King also credits J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings Trilogy," and Sergio Leone's terrific spaghetti western "The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly," as having inspired "The Dark Tower books. I found it difficult to put this very well written volume down and can't wait to begin the next episode. Highly recommended. JANA
A little on the fence... I had avoided this series simply because it was more science fiction than horror. Stephen King is one of the greats in the horror genre and I wasn't sure I wanted to explore the science fiction side because I didn't want to have to say "meh, I really didn't like it." That said, I started the tower series with an open mind and little expectation. If I have to be completely open, I probably only read it because they're making the movie... Anyway, I liked it. Was it one of his greatest hits? No, not for me, but it held my attention. I want to see what happens next, and that is a hallmark of a good read, that it can keep your attention. So, yes I think if you're on the fence about reading this one, I think you should do it. You just might be surprised!
Don't believe the bad press And let me tell you, this book gets a lot of it. Frankly, it's really over the heads of some readers of King's popular fiction, mostly because this was written off and on between projects all the way up until its release. That gives the book a bit of a disjointed feel, to tell the truth, not within the individual episodes (there are six), but between them. All the same, the story and the writing here is wonderful, and should be appreciated by any fan of King or writing in general. Some of the negative reviews may draw their roots from confusion regarding the book itself--King doesn't do a good job explaining himself. Frankly, I'm thankful that he didn't. In a world where all the new fantasy reads like Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time, magic and the fantastic seem to have been discarded in favor of a kind of warped science. Don't get me wrong, I liked Jordan until the novels stagnated, but I didn't realize how much I missed NOT KNOWING how everything worked until I read this book. This story is full of the fantastic above all else. Walter, in particular, is a memorable character who I hope receives a treatment in the second "flashback" book of the series. The intertwining of popular culture (I can't here Instand Karma without thinking about the chasm scene) with King's own fantastic elements in Mid-World (a play on Middle Earth?) are at their best in this book, rivaled nowhere expect possibly The Wastelands. Even the philosophical jaunt into metaphysics taken in the sixth episode smacks of the fantastic, and it's wonderfully executed. All things considered, this would be a wonderful read even in itself, and it stands apart in the Dark Tower series as exceptional.
Revisiting Roland Deschain This new edition of The Gunslinger is wonderful preparation for the film to come in February, 2017. I read the series years ago, but Roland seems somehow more vulnerable, more brooding, and altogether a more sympathetic protagonist this second time around. The book is hard to put down, with suspense deftly woven through the pages, encouraging the reader to keep on trying to grasp and suss out just Where and When this strangely familiar, yet dark world and culture are, and what rules they follow--and why. This is master writer Stephen King at his very best.
Interesting read for a newbie First of all, I have to be clear that I am just an occasional reader of Stephen King. When it comes to the horror or fantasy/horror genre, historically I have been more a reader of Clive BarkerThe Great and Secret Show(although it's been a few years since I've read his stuff as well). I have read The Stand, but at this moment, I am struggling to recall what else I've read - I've definitely seen King's work in other media (film, tv). Regardless of my reading preferences/ history, I've had a very passing familiarity with this series, but it was only recently that I became intrigued enough to purchase the first book, The Gunslinger, and give it a shot. Overall, I was not particularly engrossed in it at the beginning. It seemed to start slow and the story of what happened to the Gunslinger in Tull seemed pretty boring. It definitely picked up towards the middle and through the end once the Gunslinger encounters Jake Chambers and we get a bit more background on Roland's history. After reading several books in the Song of Ice and Fire seriesGeorge R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones 4-Book Boxed Set: A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, and A Feast for Crows (A Song of Ice and Fire), I was kind of taken aback at how short this book is, but I understand it's just the first of seven (now completed), so despite a slow start, I did end up finishing it in a short timeframe. It left me with a lot more questions than answers, and despite being slightly uneventful, I am now interested in finding out more about the characters, the world of the book, and where exactly it's heading (towards the Dark Tower, I presume!).
A story of Roland of Giliad; A story of all mankind. King takes his reader on a journey to the dark tower. This book is the perfect introduction. This book is not only about a journey of Roland of Giliad, but a book that takes its readers on a journey. From page one, It is me who is on the journey, hopeing to find why my world is falling apart. Roland is the character of mankind. King does a great job of making that character come to life and envelope all of us. This book relates a story that is ages old. Ever since humans have been seeking, they have lived this story. I would recomend this book to anyone who searchs for meaning and purpose in their own lives. It is more than a book. It will take hold of you, so be careful.
Hope you give these books a try and enjoy them as much as I have The Gunslinger is the first book in The Dark Tower series. For some it may take towards the end of this book or perhaps the second book in the series to really have it grab a hold of you, and for others it'll grab you from the start. Either way, this series is one wild ride. For me, each book in the series has left me jonesing to hurry and read the next one in the series and now as I am on the second to last book I'm forcing myself to slow down and savor it a bit more, although it's very hard to do. Hope you give these books a try and enjoy them as much as I have! :D
This is one of those kind of novels. Sometimes something grabs you about a book. You are not sure what, you are not sure how. Somehow a writer just is able to captivate and create something that is awe inspiring. I remember the first time I heard whispers of the Gunslinger. This was during middle school and I had read so many of Stephen King's books by that time. Yet this one was not anywhere to be found. Yet long and hard I searched, thought of, dreamed of, this mysterious book called the Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. Finally Plum came out with a trade paperback edition of this book. I got it RIGHT AWAY. I looked at the picture of the front. There, the man, Roland, the Gunslinger and that bird on his shoulder. I dont know how it caught me, but it did. My parents and I got into the van and started back home, a fifteen to twenty minute drive. During those fifteen minutes I was silent, a ghost, in the back seat, reading the first part, the Gunslinger, of this novel (the novel itself is a collection of a group of short stories S. K. wrote for a magazine and then was published as a limited edition hardback by Donald M. Grant publishing company). "The Man in Black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed." That was/is the first sentence of this novel. It was like reading the Bible for me (as a Strong Christian, I am one who will hang on every word or at least strive to as I read the Bible), it was that captivating, it took me into a world that I had only fantasized about. Of course unlike the Bible, this book is fiction (which is too bad since after reading this book my friends and I started a Gunslinger reading club and we all wanted to be like Roland). A fantasy realm that is in my opinion just as good as the Lord of the Ring series. In fact, I will stand up and say very proudly and with much ernest that out of the whole 20th century, the only two series that are worth anything are LotR and the Dark Tower. King and Tolkien are the two masters of the 20th century literature. And I would fight the hounds of hell against anyone who thinks otherwise. Stephen King created a universe, that slowly but surely was connected to most of S.K.s other books. The Gunslinger is probably the greatest Male figure in all of literature of the fantastique. He is strong, but he is a romantic; he is intense, but he knows how to crack a smile; he is heroic, but he is not without his achiles heel. This is how a man should be, in life and in soul. If you want to read a book that with captivate you, that will bring you into a ghostly realm of action, adventure, romance, betrayal, theology, philosophy...then read the Dark Tower series, starting with this book. Your breath will be taken away and you will be launched into one of the second greatest epics known to literature. I will let you know that Stephen King has come out with a redone version of the Gunslinger. You can keep or take it, I really love it, but I also have to say...I love the haunting mystique of the original version that I got so long ago. The new version is somewhat changed here and there, there is a new way of introducing the first chapter of the first part. There are new revisions of characters. Still...like I said...that one version so long ago...was what really captured me and made me see that the Gunslinger is the greatest novel of the 20th century.
Slow Initiation Into the Series but Good! Having read both the Lord of the Rings and the Song of Ice & Fire books, and more that a few SF sagas of note, so going into the Dark Tower I kinda knew that I would be in for a slow start, a glimpse of something epic through gauzy back story and that's how I felt after reading book 1. Sure the reader gets a glimpse at the larger than life gunslinger (Clint Eastwood0) and the nefarious villain/wizard who is the Man in Black (why do I keep picturing Lee Van Cleef stroking the edges of his mustache) and there are hints to the ominous/cosmic construct known as the Tower, but so early on there is not enough of the details to truly understand the universe/dimension/reality that Roland the gunslinger exists in. The story has a definitive wild west theme and feel to it, but throughout hints and notions from other realities do appear. At one part in the work, a boy stolen from a more modern age appears to accompany Roland on his journey/quest. Mind you like any epic, this book is inclusive of great sacrifices and tragedy...some preventable and some not but by the end of the book, I have to admit that I was not as sold on why the journey had to be made and why the sacrifices were necessary but it was a riveting read for me. The conspiracies and the near magical fireworks that occur every time Roland draws his guns is spectacular. Alas, curiosity and the need to read more about Roland's pistols and poke is gonna send me onto book 2.
One of my favorite books of all time Third time I've read this. One of my favorite books of all time. Only 4 stars though because, as others have pointed out, it is a bit hard to read. I found myself reading passages more than once trying to figure out what was happening. This time around I read the kindle version and I used the dictionary feature a lot to look up words I didn't know. Of course without the dictionary I would have speculated based on context like I must have the first 2 times. I have read all 7 books and now I'm refreshing my memory in preparation for the movie. And knowing the rest of the story kind of makes it hard to ignore the plot holes of the Dark Tower series. If the evil forces that command the man in black are really up to no good, then why set out this path for Roland? Why not just take him out? ***SPOILER ALERT... DON'T READ ANY FURTHER IF YOU HAVE NEVER READ THE ENTIRE SERIES!*** OK so we also know Roland is in a time loop (this secret will be out as soon as the movie hits the theaters). When he finally finds the tower, he's sent back to the beginning of his quest. But why? To teach him to love? How will that serve the evil forces of the Red King? And more specific to this book, why did the man in black tell Roland's fortune and advise him to head for the beach (where book 2 picks up)? Why would this path be laid out for Roland and why would he just follow it blindly without realizing he's being played? But it turns out he's not played well because, in a sense, he wins in the end (long before he reaches the Dark Tower). Oh well, like a roller coaster that ends its pointless journey at the same place it started, it's still a fun ride.
Beginnings are always hardest... ...but this one is very good. For years friends have been telling me that Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" series is an absolute "must-read", so why it took me so long to get around to it, I'll never know. Upon picking up the first book to finally read I was given surprising amounts of caution by many, many people - "it's the worst of the entire series", "hang in there, they get better after the first one", "it's really awful compared to the rest", "I almost stopped after the first one", ect, ect, ect. Maybe I really set myself up to hate The Gunslinger, maybe all the bad hype made me feel as though I would be trudging through valiantly and forcing myself to finish. Luckily all of my fears were wrong - I was enchanted by The Gunslinger from beginning to end. As the story opens, we are immediately dropped in on our largely nameless Gunslinger in the middle of a desert on a quest to capture the elusive and ruthless Man in Black. Wild west feeling ghost towns mixed with saloon style versions of "Hey Jude" create one world that feels like a mixture of many. King doesn't make us wait too long before divulging the reasons why our Eastwood-esque Gunslinger has such a beef with The Man in Black or why he would risk so much and go to such great lengths to settle the score with a man who proves to be even more dangerous and manipulative as the story progresses. The Gunslinger is a short read, so those of you who aren't as enamored as I was will only have to bear with it for a little while - but the last three chapters make the journey completely worth it and set up an epic story for the rest of the series. I can't wait to dive in to the next book, and the next, and the next, and the next. Of course as I advance in the series I may truly come to find that The Gunslinger is the weakest link in an otherwise fantastic series. Who knows. Regardless - I give The Gunslinger 4 stars.
The Gunslinger - It grows on ya, what can I say The Gunslinger is not your typical Stephen King book (though to use typical and Stephen King in the same sentence seems a tad odd at best). The Gunslinger is one of those novels that you have to be concentrated to read, it has it's own language (kinda like Lord of the Rings in that sense) and will given even the most determined reader difficulty. I say all of this not to deter you but, just to warn you. In general it took me awhile to get through this book as it took me awhile to get through Fellowship of the Ring by Tolkien. The book overall I'd have to say is one those books that grows on you as time passes, and your exhausted somewhat by the end of it but, not really in asmuch a negative way.
Stick with the original What a disappointment! I originally read the entire Dark Tower series as it came out in print many years ago, avidly awaiting each new installment in the saga. The world King created and the characters who inhabited it were fascinating (as usual). Then, as part of a writing group I belong to, we did a "close reading" (analysis of the various aspects of writing) of the first three chapters of the book. One of the members had this "revised" edition, while I worked from my original paperback. There were discrepancies, and none of them beneficial. What I loved about the original Gunslinger was its sparseness, the bleakness of the prose that reflected the character of the gunslinger and the country through which he moved. King ruined this by adding unnecessary descriptions, "telling" rather than "showing" the characters. What happened, S.K.?
An Intriguing Start to a Great Adventure Before stumbling across this book in a local bookstore, I had never before read any of Stephen King's work. However this book got my attention. I admit that it took time for me to get used to King's casual style of writing, but the story alone kept my interest. This book, in fact the entire saga, is hard to classify under a single genre. Action? Adventure? Fantasy? Western? Drama? Suspense? Yes. All of the above. So if you want something fun and "different" - this is your book. King introduces us to a fascinating world and mysterious characters. Readers are given only hints as to who these people are and what is going on. By the end of the book, you still know very little. For that reason, this is a book for a patient reader who plans to read at least a few more books into the series. After I read GUNSLINGER I was curious to read more, but still unsure as to what my opinion of the DARK TOWER was. It was not until book 3, THE WASTE LANDS, that I became a "Tower Junkie". So, I suggest anyone curious about this series read the first three books before forming a final opinion. I like this book a lot more now, after reading further into the series. GUNSLINGER is a great ride. It has a lot more action that following books (which get into greater character detail). Roland is a fascinating character and his pursuit of the Man In Black is highly suspenseful. This chapter of the story can basically be classified as a "Western Fantasy", which is a breath of fresh air in a world with far too few original ideas. Roland, the last gunsligner, is all alone and in pursuit of a powerful Wizard, the Man In Black. This pursuit takes him through a deadly desert, a soon-to-be ghost town and into a mountain (not unlike scenes in FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING). Always on his mind is the mysterious Dark Tower. What exactly the Tower is and why Roland is going there is not revealed to us (directly). The Man in Black taunts Roland by making no effort to hide his trail, and leaving him exceedingly clever traps disguised in some of the people Roland encounters along the way. The closing chapters of the book leave the reader with so many questions and a strong desire to get their hands on the next installment of the series. As I mentioned, I have not read any of King's work beyond DARK TOWER, so I can not compare it to any of his other books. What I can say is that you don't have to be a Stephen King fan to enjoy this novel and that I greatly enjoyed this highly original work. Read this book.
worth it This is the start of a great series of books. It will make you wonder about all the possibilities that our universe has to offer . Read the Dark Tower. It's an expience you won't forget. You will won't be able to put the book down and as soon as you finish you are ready to buy the next one. -JenaLuv
Dark Tower Series Great, but Skip to Book Two! The Dark Tower series is outstanding. But episode one is often slow, slow. Achingly slow travel across endless landscape. Much of it was apparently written by King early in his career. Skip to The Drawing of the Three, with its recap at the beginning. Then enjoy, as episode two is great, with its clever travel from Roland's post-apocalyptic world to our world of the 60s then 80's then 90's. Book Two becomes much more sci-fi fantasy. You'll miss little by going into the more current Drawing of Three, a much better book.
Good but the original had bleak mystery I would start by saying I like returning to a book I read (and reread and reread) so long ago and finding it almost literally a new story with expanded information and entertainment. How often does that happen? I don't mean like a Hollywood reboot of a beloved classic. I mean that the original author goes back and adds a few clarifications and "finishing touches) 30 years after the fact. That is worth the price of admission. But. Always a but. The original may have lacked continuity with the later books. It may have been written by a younger man. And maybe this revision is "better" in the sense that a man with more experience went back to refine it. Ok. Personally, literature and music have always been interlocked. I never wished one of my favorite bands to go back and re-record an early album. I loved the album for the reasons they would want to "fix" it. But the world isn't a perfect place. Art isn't either. And in my humble opinion, it shouldn't be. That said, I still love the series but I felt the additions took some of the punk rock, the slightly jagged riff, the out of place string screech or feedback, and turned it into something a little less. But! The additions were interesting as I have aways hungered for more Dark Tower, hell, I would read the janitors account of its upkeep if the talented and prolific Mr. King would write it. So thanks! Sincerely. I will read the new and improved but will never give up my original.
Nexus of Time and Size I am glad I waited to read The Gunslinger until after Stephen King revised and expanded the first novel in his series, The Dark Tower. I bought the Kindle version and it was a positive experience to see the color illustrations, use the X-Ray feature that presents a time line for the important characters, and to search easily the Dark Tower Wiki via the Google link. I love Mr. King's style of integrating current language, customs, and preoccupations with his universe building fiction. The structure of Volume 1 sets the stage for Roland Deschain's quest for all universes' power nexus the Dark Tower, the nexus of time and size. Roland, the son of a gunslinger, comes of age as a gunslinger and embarks on his destiny to find the Dark Tower. He leaves from Mid-World, once a land of milk and honey, that has been destroyed by revolution. Roland has a mind that is slow, plodding, and tenacious but without imagination. Only this unique mind can approach the Dark Tower with its all-worlds power. Roland is the last of his kind. The great maturity of Stephen King's writing ability can be seen in the differences between his 1978 work, The Stand, and his current extensive revision of The Gunslinger first published in 1982. This revised 2003 edition includes concise descriptions of landscape, action, character development, and communication that are more exiting, engaging, and satisfying than before when he wrote about world existential topics. I have already bought Volume 2 of The Dark Tower series, The Drawing of the Three and am looking forward to reading the entire 7 volume series.
5 stars with a Warning! This book is a gem but it's risky business. Warning: Do not buy this book, risking your time and money, unless you are firmly committed to reading the second book in the series, The Drawing Of The Three. I read The Gunslinger, then The Drawing Of The Three, and have just started reading the third book, The Waste Lands. I couldn't put the second book down, devouring it as fast as I could, and I can hardly believe my good fortune in having five more books to go before the climax in The Dark Tower, book seven. Several reviews have compared The Gunslinger to The Hobbit - as a precursor to the rest of the books in the series. But The Hobbit is a book that stands firmly on its own legs. The Gunslinger is not. The Gunslinger only begins to make sense while reading the second book. There were times that I thought I'd never make it through The Gunslinger. I had tumbled into a world that didn't make sense. I was confused and disoriented in this new world. I was angry and disgusted and thought I had wasted my money. But I had committed to the series by buying the first four books and I had to get through The Gunslinger before moving on to the others, so I persevered. Thankfully! I highly recommend this book as your ticket into the world of Roland, The Gunslinger. This is Stephen King at his best.
Possibly Stephen King's most compelling book of all time. There are usually three reactions people have when Stephen King is mentioned. I love him. I hate him. And I like the movies based off his books, but I can't stand the books themselves. Whichever way you roll, you do have to admit that he's one of the most famous and successful writers of our day. He's often called the Master of Horror, however, very few of his books can actually be classified as being part of the horror genre. Oh, he does have his straight up horror novels, but the majority of his work is misclassified because his reputation is for horror, and that's what sells his books, regardless of whether or not they actually fit into that genre. He has stated in many an interview that he is a science fiction and fantasy fan, and has always wanted to write a grand fantasy epic to rival the Lord of the Rings. And if you look at them, most of his books are really more science fiction, fantasy, and thriller, rather than horror That is where The Dark Tower series comes in. He had an idea for the beginning of such a grand epic story, and he wrote it in high school. It was titled The Gunslinger and it is the first book that he ever wrote. It was published in a literary magazine, and later re-written and published as book one of The Dark Tower series once he'd gotten his foot in the door of the publishing world. The Dark Tower series as a whole has taken him decades to complete, oftentimes he would set it aside for years because he was basically making it up as he went along and couldn't think of anything to happen next. It was not until the famous accident when he was run over while jogging near his home in Maine that he realized he came inches away from dying and didn't want to snuff it before finishing his epic. It spurred him to get the final three books out within a couple years of each other and finish the series off. The Gunslinger begins with Roland, a Gunslinger, who is something like an Arthurian Knight if he were to have grown up in the old west rather than ye olde England, chasing after the Man in Black. Those who are familiar with other works of Stephen King will recognize Randall Flagg in the Man in Black, though his name is not revealed in this book. The world is dying around him, and through a series of flashbacks we find that the Man in Black is the cause of it. Roland pursues him across an endless desert wasteland, seeking vengeance for the deaths of his family and friends, for countless wars and rebellions, and the very breaking down of reality itself. Long ago he began a quest with his friends to find the Dark Tower, the center of the universe, to set things right, and the Man in Black may be the only one that can show him the way. As he chases after his quarry he encounters a boy named Jake, whom the Man in Black has transported from our world to Roland's as a means to slow Roland down. Being a good man at heart Roland cannot leave the boy behind to die in the desert and so they travel on together and finally reach the mountains beyond the desert, catching the Man in Black at last, at the mouth of a cave. He is given a choice, sacrifice the boy the next time they meet in exchange for details of the Dark Tower, and the companions he will need to find in order to reach it, or forever lose any hope of undoing the wrongness that is tearing reality itself apart. The Good? This is the very first book that Stephen King ever wrote, and therefore it is relatively clean, lacking the graphic sex and repeated use of the F word for which he is so famous. The story, though simple, is written in such a compelling way that it pulls you in, offering up questions about the past and the future of Roland that you can't help but continue reading to find the answers to. Roland as a character is well developed, with a clear goal in mind that he will do anything to achieve. The atmosphere and tone of the book are extremely well done. This book feels like the beginning of the grand epic story that it is. For the majority of the book, there is only Roland alone with his thoughts and inner demons. You might not think that to be very interesting, but King does it in such a way that you just can't stop reading. The bad? Stephen King is well known for the fact that he never outlines or plans anything before sitting down to write. He gets an idea and basically makes things up as he goes along. Though this is less evident in The Gunslinger, because the plot is so simple, and there are so few characters in it, you can still see where he just pulled stuff out of nowhere when he painted himself into a corner. The ugly? Stephen King uses a type of viewpoint called Third Person Omniscient. Normally, in a third person story, you see the story through the eyes of a single character at a time. You know their thoughts, their emotions, and their reactions to everything that happens. With Omniscient, the writer will give you thoughts and internal details from more than one character at a time. You're not in any one character's head, you're in all of them, and which one whose eyes you're seeing the world through can change at the drop of a hat, and normally with nothing to tell you that the viewpoint has changed. Some people, including myself, can find this to be confusing at times. It can also lead to the reader not connecting well with any of the characters. In a huge science fantasy epic like this one, it is vital that you connect with the characters, because you're going to be with them for a very long time. Luckily there are really only 3 characters in this book, so its easy to get attached to them early on so there's less confusion later in the series when more characters are introduced. All in all, The Gunslinger is a very good book. It lacks the hard language and sex that put many people off Stephen King books, and despite my dislike of King's writing style, it is very well written and thought out. It's hard to make something this interesting and compelling with a cast of only three characters, and he's done excellently with it. The atmosphere of the book is great, you can really feel the hopelessness of the dying world weighing on Roland's back with every step he takes, and the hope that he feels as he chases after the one man that may be able to give him some clues on how to set it right again. Roland's internal struggles play out very well, and you're teased enough with things to come and things long past that you want to continue on to the next book. As the beginning of a large epic the likes of which King wanted to rival Lord of the Rings with, it's rather short and simple. However, it is exactly what it needs to be to get this story rolling. Even if you do not go on to read the rest of the series, this book alone is worth reading for the simple reason that it is a perfect example of excellent writing and imagination the likes of which you would not have though Stephen King capable of, looking at his other works. I wish more of his books were like this one, clean and well written, rather than full of sex, horrible language, and not very well thought out or coherent. I'm giving this book five stars. It loses a point or two because of the confusion of the Omniscient point of view and a little bit of rambling due to King's making it up as he went along. Other than those two small issues I have nothing to complain about, not enough to lower it to 4 stars though. It was an excellent book that I certainly recommend you read.
Just get past the first book! Thats what everyone says This book is crazy hard to get through. It took me several tries. Everyone kept telling me what a great series it is and just get through the first book. Even the author says its rather different in the begging of the ebook edition as an insert. Stating he wrote it when he was very young. Hope the following books are easier to read like everyone says.
A thought-provoking epic novel! The Gunslinger is the star of an epic series: The Dark Tower. I was pulled immediately into reading this wondrous tale because I was influenced by King's other works. To start off, this book can easily be finished in a day or two, partly because of its length, partly because of the great way it's written. King explains a world he has created, known as Mid-World, and Roland of Gilead, the Last Gunslinger, searches endlessly for the Dark Tower, for reasons I will not discuss so I don't ruin the storyline for those of you who have never read this book. King uses a great combination of description and character-development, and he makes the plot run smoothly. As for the description: there is not too much, nor is there too little; it is described perfectly, so that you know just how Roland's expression looks when he sees an evil monster; so that you know how the mountains look as Roland climbs them, so you receive just enough description of the desert hardpan to imagine how sickly hot it is. This factor alone is just a sample of the great story telling witnessed when reading this book. And as for character development? The characters act as though they were in a real-life situation, simply put. Roland wouldn't say, "Oh no, here they come, I must beat them to the exit!" He would say something along the lines of a brief swearing, then he would run and complete his mission. Which is probably what anyone would do in a situation where you're cornered by *taken out to avoid giving spoilers*, don't you think? What makes Roland's character so unique: his weapon is not a sword, a dragon, and a magical fire spell, which all exist in the lame novel Eragon; Roland uses two revolvers. That is probably the most unique character I've ever seen in an epic tale. This is one reason why Roland is such a memorable character: he's unique from any other person you've read about in your life. You may try for the rest of your life to find a similarity between the Last Gunslinger and another epic hero; you'll find none. His personality also plays a role in this: he gains friends, but tries not to become attached to them, because he needs them to search for the Tower. This also makes him a unique character. And the plot: try all you want to predict what'll happen next. I've had feelings of, "Okay, I just KNOW he'll make it out alive of this situation." The truth? That you don't know who will die and who will live. I know, I know, you see this type of stuff in New York Times reviews, what with all the plot-twists they talk about in every book they review. But in the Gunslinger? It's true. There are actually plot twists existing. And that's what made me read this book for several days straight. And after reading the Gunslinger, you'll wanna read The Drawing of the Three. That's all I'm saying about this book. It tells a great story about an epic hero with a distinct and definite goal: to reach the Dark Tower. And he'll do ANYTHING to reach it. So I advise you to read this great tale of friendship, twists, conflict, and sheer terror as King unleashes a myriad of beasts and freakish monsters he himself has created...
Eager To Read the Second After reading the Gunslinger, I was left wanting to know more; to read more about the characters. I hungered for more story, and am anxious to read the second book. I am an avid reader, but generally if a book doesn't interest me by page 50, I move on. Fifty pages is enough to create an interesting read. Honestly, four out of five books I pick up, get shelved for lack of story. I had never read a Stephen King book prior to the Gunslinger, and didn't know what to expect. Add to that a seemingly western theme, and I thought there was a strong chance I would move on, just like the world of the Gunslinger. I didn't, and I enjoyed. I actually stayed up past my bedtime to read this book. (Yes, those of us getting old struggle to read past 10 pm. 9 pm is my bedtime) The Gunslinger, and Stephen King, far exceeded all my expectations. The book was a fast and fascinating read. A breathe of fresh air in a fiction-filled world of cookie cutter plots, cheesy hollywood-style characterising, and fantasy clones. In the Gunslinger we find Roland, the gunslinger, struggling across the desert to catch the man in black. The desert is vast, the world is dry, and population sparse. The gunslinger has several encounters along the way before winding up in a climactic scene between he, and the eternal man in black. The tale is gripping, despite many flashbacks where King fills in the crack with back story. While this could be called a fantasy, it is really hard to label. There are fantasy and sci-fi elements, as well as western themes, but first and foremost this is just a flat out good story about a man and his quest. In this case, Roland hungers for the Dark Tower. Having never read Stephen King before the Gunslinger, I have no reservations about recommending this book, and others by Mr. King. I will. The Gunslinger is a good story, and regardless of what "style" or "depth" of reading you enjoy, I highly recommend that you give this book a try. You won't regret reading it, and odds are, if you are a voracious reader, you'll aprreciate it even the more.
The last gunslinger. After reading a number of King's books and enjoying virtually all of them, I was drawn (like many of you) to THE DARK TOWER series. I just finished THE GUNSLINGER. It's a quick read at around 230 pages that quickly throws us into a world eerily related to our own. We meet Roland, more frequently referred to as "the gunslinger", a dark hero driven to follow "the man in black" for reasons you'll have to read the book to find. This book is unlike any other King book I've read to date (including THE STAND, DREAMCATCHER, THE TOMMYKNOCKERS, THE SHINING, and HEARTS IN ATLANTIS) and is aptly titled THE GUNSLINGER as this book is simply setting up a base for understanding our hero and the quest that drives him. King paints this picture through Roland's interactions with three main characters he encounters while chasing the man in black - a woman, a man, and most importantly, a boy from another time named Jake. I couldn't help but draw certain parallels between Roland's character and Paul Atreides of DUNE lore. Tack this onto the way this book is narrated - an epic story having somewhat mythological overtones that takes place far in the future (or in another time completely). If you've read DUNE, I think you'll see what I mean, but don't worry, the gunslinger would hardly be a messiah in any traditional sense. This is King we're talking about, remember? Thank God. THE GUNSLINGER is a great book because by the end of it, you'll find yourself immersed in Roland's world dripping with awe and wonder at the possibilities presented by the Dark Tower. It's like imagining yourself thrown into the middle of the universe - can you imagine the size of it all? And how absolutely small we are alone amidst all that space. Read it already.
A remarkable cosmic vision- of decay and dissolution... I had heard about this novel and the rest of the "Dark Tower" series for a couple of decades but I just never found time to get to them. I now see why King considers the series to be the core of his life's work. There is something mythological here, but not in any contrived and self-conscious way. The author ruminated on this book in his sub conscious for a dozen years before publishing- and that extra time for germination shows. This is no slapped together popular potboiler. King admits that he doesn't elaborately outline and plan his novels in his head, that they just flow through him in the spontaneous act of writing. So what we have here seems to be a direct channeling from somewhere else. I know it seemed familiar to me when I read it, just as Burroughs's "Place of Dead Roads" and "Cities of the Red Night" seemed familiar. It also struck me as very similar to the "macro dimensions" in Gold's _The American Book of the Dead_. It would seem that when we cross over to the worlds that exist beyond this one, we tend to carry the artifacts and landscapes along with us that we are most familiar with- including Gunslingers and the West. As for the world of the Gunslinger, it is "passing on"- for there is something fundamentally wrong with time and the fabric of existence itself. Everything is decaying and dissolving. The social fabric is unraveling and mutants and dark magicians freely wander the land. The old order of the King of Light and his gunfighter guardians is no more- Roland is the last of them. It is now his mission to find out what is happening that caused his world, and perhaps the rest of existence to collapse. To do that he must find the mythical Dark Tower. And to find that he must hunt down the Man in Black. What struck me here is the timelessness of King's model of the cosmos. We are told of the existence of countless worlds or dimensions. Yet all these worlds are connected by a tower- this is obviously the Axis Mundi, the tree or mountain at the center of creation. It is dark in this case, because this is a vision of a sick, decaying universe. In mythology it is the shaman that ascends and descends this great central pillar to try to bring order and balance back to creation. However, in King's version it is dark magicians that come and go. He even has the subterranean descent before ascension correct. Oh yes, a measure of the corruption of this world is the hero, Roland, himself. He is the last Gunslinger, the last crusader- yet he is also a murderer and betrayer.... Now that I understand the entire series is completed, I look forward to finishing it.
The gunslinger ap english A Reaction to The Gunslinger The Gunslinger is a more valid literary contribution than most readers would expect from Stephen King. A complex story of a man both more and less than moral and the beginning of his quest to save his world, it is shares themes of redemption with King's other masterpiece, The Stand. Roland Deschain, the Gunslinger, was a kind of knight/diplomat of the civilized but brutally straightforward land of Gilead where hard men with guns and near superhuman talents maintained peace and order. Twelve years after Roland's land experienced a revolution and fell to chaos we meet the last gunslinger on the trail of a magician who holds the secret of "The Dark Tower." A picture of the romantic yet unrelenting force of justice, the gunslinger sees the world in tones of gray and commits ever escalating crimes as his humanity begins to wane. On his way to the Man In Black, who is his way to the path that ends at the tower, Roland meets a young boy who died in our world and awakened in the gunslinger's own. Roland comes to love Jake but believes him to be a trap left by the Dark Man, which comes to be true, as Roland must choose between the boy and the tower. The flashbacks that tell the story of Roland's childhood and imply the nature of the world filled with "love and light" have a similar texture to White's The Once and Future King and lend a sense of majesty to Roland's lost life. The Gunslinger's recollections also hint at a world not as great as he thinks, a world where hurting children is a valid educational technique, the highest level of people are strong killers and the makings of revolution are already present. These segments only add to the rich story by creating a allowing a different perspective, through a different narrative position, and shedding a full spectrum of light on Roland's gray tale. In addition to King's usual horror, the reader finds a different use of language and adjectives that lends itself to a higher level than many of King's shock and grab stories. King's utilizes every bit of talent he has in writing sharp, short sentences that create a stilted tone whose word choice implies great depth. The world of The Gunslinger isn't supposed to feel whole but it does feel real and worth the attention. The phrase, "The world had moved on since then. The world had empted." (Pg. 11) takes on a dusty yet romantic quality and becomes a suiting basis on which the picture of a world gone wrong is aptly painted. After the first ten pages the reader becomes engrossed in this story and its main character. Of course, many classic themes in King's writing are present, the used deus-ex-machina and foreshadowing move the story along and provide for dead ends. The good versus evil theme is obviously carried through the notion of knight seeking out a means to redeem a dying world. The common King characterization also pervades this book, providing description both physical and moral that praises common Christian values and down-home sentiments. The quest for the Dark Tower, revealed at the book's climax as the lynchpin of all existence, and setting to order whatever is wrong there is an important enough theme as to provide the Dark Tower Series its name and to dominate most discussion and action throughout the seven books but it is the Gunslinger's story. The quest for the tower is the main focus of the books because it is Roland's quest, his focus. The Gunslinger is the preamble of that quest, the last few months of Roland's twelve-year ordeal to find the way to the Dark Tower. It is the last hurdle Roland faces, the sacrifice of his humanity for his honor, that makes this book so appealing.
Late to join the quest For a long time I resisted buying and reading these books. I don't quite know why. I like Stephen King. I like post-apocalyptic dark fantasy alternative reality. But for some reason, I just balked. Then I finally gave in and managed to get almost all of them within a couple weeks (exceptWolves of the Calla (The Dark Tower, Book 5), which I've only just managed to track down, leaving me hanging half-way through for some months), and I started reading. What a world, what a world - and what a fascinating character is Roland Gilead, the last of the gunslingers. From the sounds of things, Roland is ageless, near immortal, and has been chasing after the Man in Black for a very long time. It is while chasing the Man in Black through the desert that Roland meets up with the boy Jake at an abandoned way station - and Jake appears to be from our world; how he got to Roland's world is a mystery. I won't ramble on about the plot - there are over 500 reviews here, plus long editorial reviews and I'm sure the plot is expressed well by someone else. I tend to throw out spoilers when I try, so I won't waste your time. I'll just say this: if you, like me, are unsure whether to go ahead and read these books - stop second-guessing yourself and go for it. Not only is the story entertaining, but it is also multi-layered. I have a feeling that reading it multiple times will result in multiple understanding - I've actually just finished reading it for the second time in less than a year, since I just gotWolves of the Calla (The Dark Tower, Book 5)and thought it best that I re-read the first four books before going on, so I can refresh my memory, and I can see things I've missed. I think people who aren't generally fans of Stephen King's works might still enjoy The Dark Tower series, because it is different than his usual fare in many ways, even though it has webs of other stories that occasionally wind through it. Definitely give this series a try.
A classic first entry in the dark tower series The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed. Never has a single phrase been as good at describing the crux of an entire novel. Stephen Kings first dark tower installment takes place in a desolate landscape of a world that mirrors our own. Roland, the last Gunslinger, chases after the man in black who holds the answers to get to the dark tower, a mission Roland has been on his entire adult life. As he travels around the vast desert hot on the tail of the man in black, Roland stumbles upon few sights along the way including the town of Tull, where he meets the sexually ravenous Alice and the god-worshipping Sylvia Pittston. It is after leaving Tull that Roland will meet the one person who will most help him fulfill his quest; the little boy Jake. Jake becomes the Gunslingers travel companion as they chase the man in black through this desolate world of sand, mountains and a whole lot of nothing. The Gunslinger is a terrific start to the series, a surreal adventure of boundaryless imagination. I get the impression much of the series is fantasy instead of Kings trademark horror but this first installment reads more like a western than anything else. The chapters where Roland rests in the town of Tull are the best part of the book, as King injects the town with truly bizarre and fascinating characters and a final showdon between Roland and the residents of Tull that results in a blaze of gunsmoke and firepower. This book is packed with action from start to finish but as a reader the utmost concentration must be kept at all times since The Gunslinger does not read in linear fashion; it is a book of many flashbacks, dreams and hallucinations. Amazingly, although the first installment of a series that contains several entries, The Gunslinger stands very well on its own as a singular tale. The ending is satisfying but of course many things are left unresolved such as two very fundamental questions; What is it that really lies within the dark tower? Who is Roland really and why is he doing this? After this excellent start, Im looking very much forward to reading the other entries in the series. If the subsequent novels are anything like The Gunslinger, than Im in for an amazing journey.
great! Jorma Knowles: "The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger" is, in my view, one of the best novels that the author, Stephen King, has written. The main character, Roland The Gunslinger, is complex and fascinating, and worthy of the series of books that he is featured in. The story of the book seems at first glance to be simple, but deeper into it you realize that it is much more complicated then you first thought. Roland is the last Gunslinger, a sort of knight who is charged with protecting the bleak and violent world that he lives in (it is referred to as having "moved on"), and his quest is simple: he is searching for a strange, distant thing called "The Dark Tower," something that has been seeked by the other Gunslingers before him. As he walks across a vast desert, he encounters various obstacles and other supernatural things (althought this NOT a horror novel) and finds a young boy from our universe named Jake, who actually died where he came from and was transported to the Gunslinger's world by an evil wizard who Roland is pursuing named simply "The Man In Black." (who is really a man from the Gunslinger's past named Walter) i wont tell you the end of this volume (the first) in the Dark Tower saga, but i promise that it will surprise you. Overall, the novel is well-written, with wonderful prose that is much different from Steve King's other work, and so utterly involving that you will find yourself caring for it's characters and it's story so much that you will jump right over to the next book in the series ( The Dark Tower: The Drawing of The Three) and not be able to put it (or any of the other's; the latest, the fourth, is coming out in November) down
A slow start but the story got better towards the end First - I am looking for an epic story along the lines of Erikson's Malazan Book of the Fallen God or Jordan's Wheel of Time. Erikson's books often took a couple of hundred pages before the story started to take off so I learned to be patient. This is the first book of Steven King that I have read so I am not accustomed to his writing style. The Gunslinger starts off slow and was initially hard to follow. I think was intentional given King was making the story somewhat a mystery. You need to read on in order to learn what is really going on. Towards the end of the book the story started to focus and I had an understanding of where the book was going - much more enjoyable. I have started the second book in the series and withhold final judgement until I have read through it. This book was not a wow as it simply set the stage for the rest of the series. I found the price high given the page count and how slow the story moved along
Impressive faade Potent, dreamlike, dark, but also... gratuitous, indulgent, offensive. There's no doubting King's ability to write evocative prose, to create a scene. There is, however, much reason to doubt his ability to write a coherent story: fabulous gloss, but not much going on underneath. Definitely nothing healthy. Don't get me wrong - I can `enjoy' (as King seems to want us to) an atrocity as much as the next ghoulish reader, but I want it to mean something - to hit me. Although he's ten times the writer Goodkind is, King is similarly too blithe about brutality for it to really be brutal. Contrast this with, for example, Banks'Use of Weaponsand Card'sEnder's Game: both include stingingly ugly incidents, but they actually sting because they're not hurled about so casually, and we are able to feel something for the victims and even the perpetrators. The gunslinger, however, can shoot everyone in a whole town without causing a fraction of the emotional reaction in the reader. The townsfolk are so obviously one-dimensional characters, foils - I mean, sure, the whole thing `looks' amazing, the consistent mood and scenery reminds me of the incredibly rich visuals of the TV seriesCarnivale(whoever directed this could definitely do `The Gunslinger' justice), but we're so detached from these dreamlike, no, not `characters', that's too strong a word for them - they're more like props: there's a piano in the saloon bar, there's a guy who'll get shot later. King loved the movie westerns a little too much - he hasn't merely recreated their mood, he's included the scaffolding holding up the shopfronts in the Hollywood back lot. This is more a tribute to (wonderful) artifice than an attempt at story. There's a weakness in making Roland's life automatically worth so much more than anyone else's. He becomes a little absurd - like Rambo standing invulnerable in a hail of bullets - because he's American and has his shirt off, and the others are just faceless gooks, bit players in a deliberately farcical melodrama. Death here really means nothing - they're just falling down like kids in a playground game. Again, King's skills as a presenter of scenes can fool you, or maybe that's all you might be asking of him, but this book really lacks substance - ironically in the same way that so many glib `happy ending' books (that you might be trying to escape from with King) lack substance. So many fantasy novels, for example, have no suspense because we can all see a mile off how the author is going to indulge his lead characters with wonderful powers that mean his evil nemesis never really had a chance, and that he'll get the girl. However, for King, the doom, instead of the victory, is just too easy - we know the gunslinger's going to be tortured, and going to bump into all sorts of abuse along the way, because that's the evil deus et machina that King is - but it's still lazily pulling God out of the box to ruin things with no attempt to make this square with a wider sensical plot. I mean, really, what's going on with the ridiculous `man in black' who, for all his pretensions of grandeur and mystery, `might as well go by the name Snidely Whiplash and twirl his handlebar moustache' (thankyou Tony Hines). There is no attempt to even vaguely explain his godlike powers - maybe he writes to the same ACME people that miraculously supplied Wile E. Coyote with anything he could imagine. How can we feel the tragedy we're supposed to with Jake's death when it's just a card being turned? Now the man in black telekinetically controls railway bridges - uh, right, great. And why is this demigod running from Roland? Why is he devoting himself entirely to torturing this man in these odd ways? Maybe I'm meant to be asking these questions to hook me into the story, but I really don't care about the answers: I don't trust King actually knew - he just ran with something that felt good to him. And while we're talking about ridiculous characters - did you pick that pretty much every woman we meet (Soobie, Allie, the Oracle, even Roland's mother) - are ruled by their sexual cravings. Yeah, that's pretty much what women are like, isn't it: they just want sex so bad that they let men order them about. I suppose this is a fantasy, but this aspect is particularly puerile. I reckon King would be better as part of a team: someone else comes up with a structure - he then comes into the picture by creating the ride. I could almost go along for the ride alone. My edition has the first couple of chapters of Volume 2, `The Prisoner', and, sure, King can cast a spell. He's particularly good at openings - creating a striking scene, and hinting at all sorts of intriguing mysteries that you'd like to have solved. However based on this volume I suspect he doesn't have anything substantial waiting for us - just more of this enigmatic darkness. But I don't think it's enough for me, impressive as it is. Give me some charm, some humour, some insight. Give me some reason for Roland having to be minutes away from death before he finally stumbles across a mystical door, or a way station, or whatever will be next - apart from the reason that it feels more dramatic that way. In the dream that is Mid-world anything can happen, and that's not a good thing if it's lazy and random. Well, not good for me anyway - but if you enjoy the vibe, man, of brutality in competently evoked settings, if you just want to escape the nauseating sentimentality of so many `feel-good' books and would like to feel bad for a change (in a detached, clearly contrived way from the comfort of your armchair) just for the heck of it, go ahead, pull up a chair.
Interesting read. I have both the original version of this tale and the newly edited version, and I like them both, but in all honesty, I don't believe that this was for me. I like Kings work, but his older stuff hasn't been hitting the mark with me like his new things. The story was so epic, and I enjoyed the way that it was told, and it reminded me of those old Clint Eastwood, spaghetti westerners that you would see on TCM. With the supernatural and the post apocalyptic elements. I'm happy that I had the audio version to accompany me, it was better heard than read. I wanted to read this before the movie comes out, so I would have a better leg to stand on. It just wasn't for me.
Two thumbs Waaay up!!! I hadn't read a novel by Stephen King in years. Though I would have considered myself his number one fan back in the early days of King's writings, I found myself let down more and more in later years. It seemed his novels got longer and longer, but in a more rambling way and I found myself skipping through parts in search of action. I finally had to give up and didn't read anything by King for probably ten years. Then I took a chance and picked up Under the Dome and though it was long, I found myself getting caught up in the story. I didn't love it as I did novels like--The Shining, The Stand or Carrie, and it did take me almost a month to finish it--but for the most part I found I enjoyed it. Then my daughter came home from college last week raving about this Gunslinger series. Her words--`You have GOT to read these! I LOVE them!' She even brought the first one with her, The Gunslinger, just to make sure I had a copy. I haven't seen my daughter get so excited about a book(s) since she read The Alien Chronicles, a saga by Deborah Chester back when she was ten years old. Surprise, surprise, it only took me two days to read The Gunslinger and my daughter (Kari :)) was right. I loved it! The old excitement I used to feel when picking up a new novel came roaring back. Was I just in the right frame of mind on this one? Can't say. But the story grabbed me right from page one and I had to force myself to put it down to take care of normal everyday business--like feeding the family, washing clothes etc. I had the old Stephen King "smile" back. Yah!! Roland is on a quest. He is chasing the man in black because he needs to learn what this stranger knows about a mysterious lone tower. Roland, or the gunslinger, as we start to think of him, will travel to the ends of the Earth, and any other dimensions he might run into, if he has to in order to reach this mysterious tower. He's not even certain what will happen when he finally gets there, only that he must. But at what cost? Jake is just a young boy the gunslinger finds in a deserted station in the desert and Roland knows he must take Jake with him. He grows close to the boy and enjoys his company. But Roland is haunted because he fears the time is coming when he will have to make a choice between catching up with the man in black, or saving Jake's life. Jake understands this as well and doesn't know if he can trust the gunslinger, a man he has grown to love in the short time they've been together. Roland is a hard man, but he also has a high sense of honor. I won't give anything away here, but the end of this novel had me chewing my nails down to the quick. It's been a long while since I've read anything I've enjoyed so much. I hope the others in this series will continue in the same way, because if they do, this series may very well drop my long-time King favorite, The Stand, down to second place.
What? This is Stephen King? Wow! You sure can tell that Stephen was young and eager to impress when he started this epic. He must of had a copy of every thesaurus ever printed at his disposal. And wore them out. I've never experienced a King novel that didn't keep me riveted until this one. The over use of his vocabulary skills and over description of events kept the story from progressing fast enough to keep me engaged. It almost forced me to set the book down for good. Then about 3/4 of the way through, things started to move along. It was like someone flipped a light switch. Now this is the Stephen King I like to read. By the end of this 1st book in the series I couldn't wait to get my hands on the second book in the series.
Fascinating and Compelling Of course, I've heard about these books for years, but I never considered myself much of a Stephen King reader. Sure, I read some collections of short stories, and I loved THE SHINING and THE STAND (movies), but the length of the novels always kept me at arm's length. But, when I was looking for my next audio book listen, someone recommended this series, so I decided to give the first book a try. THE DARK TOWER 1: THE GUNSLINGER by Stephen King (1982 (orig); Plume, June 24, 2003 (revised)) (This is a great summary of the book) From Amazon: In the first book of this brilliant series, Stephen King introduces readers to one of his most enigmatic heroes, Roland of Gilead, The Last Gunslinger. He is a haunting figure, a loner on a spellbinding journey into good and evil. In his desolate world, which frighteningly mirrors our own, Roland pursues The Man in Black, encounters an alluring woman named Alice, and begins a friendship with the Kid from Earth called Jake. Both grippingly realistic and eerily dreamlike, "The Gunslinger" leaves readers eagerly awaiting the next chapter. *** As for the book itself, I loved the simplicity of the world Stephen King created in this first novel. The struggle within the main character came through perfectly, and when the young boy Jake was introduced, I was hooked. I wanted to know how Jake's world tied in with Roland's and why Roland was so intent on his pursuit of the man in black. I also truly appreciated how few words were used to create this world and the characters. As far as the audio book goes, this was a great choice. The narration was great, and the story moved along at a nice clip for audio listening. I'd recommend this one for people curious about the series and those who, like me, are not die-hard Stephen King fans. The concept of the books is fascinating and compelling and left me wanting more of the same. Source of book: Purchased from Audible.com
Rather slow, but still fun In the intro, King even states that he looks back at this book and sees all of the things wrong with it. Of course, he was just a fledgling writer when he wrote this book and it's very unique and very Stephen King, but with the added cocktail of adolescent hungers that clearly drive this adventure. And it is an adventure. If you are a die-hard King fan, like me, it's probably a good idea to read this one, but it's not necessary to read the dark tower series in sequence. The later ones are much better.
Hero? Even though it is somewhat disjointed and occasionally some of the seams show (The Gunslinger was actually written and published as several short stories/novelettes in F&SF over a several year period), this is an excellent read. In basic format it is a classic 'quest' fantasy (as it should be, being based at least partially on the Childe Roland epic poem). Where it differs, startlingly so, is in its protagonist, a 'noble' knight remade in the image of an impossibly competent Old West gunslinger. Unlike much of the other King material I've read, Roland is almost totally defined as a character by his actions. His decision to remain in a town he knows is a trap (and leading to his slaughter of the entire town), his method of fighting in his 'coming of age' test, his sacrifice of Jake -- each item adds to the defined character, and it is not a very pretty picture that gets painted. At the same time, his very stubbornness and single-minded continuation towards his goal, regardless of obstacles, is a traditional picture of a hero type. The world that Roland inhabits and his 'man in black' quarry reminded me a lot of some of Zelazny's work (like Jack of Shadows and ...And Call Me Conrad) -- not quite our world, hazy, different, but with some recognizable sign-posts along the way that connects in some form with our mythos/archetypes. In some areas, it's a little too hazy, most especially in not giving the reader a roadmap to the 'rules' that govern his world - we go from everyday 'bullets work like normal' to 'raising the dead' to 'time warpage' without any real guide to what is possible or normal in this world. But the background history he gives Roland is just enough to whet the reader's appetite to look for more pieces to his puzzle world and the reason behind his quest. Overall, not a great work, as while it stands alone, it is obviously only a part of a much larger story, and the disjointedness is sometimes jarring. Still, this is a quite memorable and different story than the average King blockbuster.
he is everyman Roland is from time past and is the future. he seeks the man in black to bring to justice for the wrongs done to his father's memory. through the desert and dried, dead land he trudges alone. until he meets the boy and by doing so, catches the man in black who passes on messages to him that he doesn't remember but cannot forget. this series starts as if in a dream. neither good nor bad but unending. it captures you and holds you from the first word to the last dream. read on.......
It gets better and more interesting then it ends The first half of this book is hard to get through. At first, you are just getting small pieces of the bigger picture, which is okay if the there is enough plot to keep you interested, but there's not. The pacing through the entire book is off. It gets better and more interesting then it ends. However, I have started the second book and can't put it down. Like others have said, this is a decent gateway to better things. It's still unique in it's own right and leaves you wanting to continue the series.
Surreal Prologue Takes Patience But Worth the Effort I had picked up the original version of The Gunslinger about eight years ago, but never having been on aficionado of Westerns and not into Fantasy at that time, I just couldn't connect with the bleak and barren desert world King had created. I was completely baffled by this strange world and couldn't relate to the protagonist, Roland Deschain at all. I had drifted away from King for almost two decades following Pet Semitary but I cautiously made my way back to one of the beloved authors of my youth. With the excellent "11/22/1963", "Under The Dome" and the outstanding "Doctor Sleep", I have once again return to the fold of King's "constant readers." I felt a sense of duty to at least try The Dark Tower series because of the wonderful word of mouth recommendations from readers I trust and because the series is complete. I have vowed to not start any more multi-book series unless the series is complete. I am done with being terribly disappointed in series that I had invested years in only for the author to run the series in the ground or drag out a series for years. While still very surreal in prose and plot, I found this expanded version containing King's thoughtful and exemplary introduction, an easier journey. It helped that I read "The Talisman" and "Black House" back to back, these books were a great segue into the Dark Tower series. I was left wanting to know more. By the end of the book I began to view Roland the gunslinger as Roland the knight on a quest that might take his soul. I have already ordered the next book, The Drawing of Three, and plan to take a long, leisurely ride alongside Roland in his quest to find the Dark Tower. It takes a measure of patience to stay with Roland of Gilead, but by the end this book the pay off is well worth it and you want to stay with Roland to find out if he "will win through."
Basically, the man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed... The plot of this, the first book of the Dark Tower series, is fairly simple and to-the-point. Roland, the Gunslinger, is after the mysterious Man in Black, who is responsible for much trouble and may have clues as to the whereabouts of the Dark Tower--which is tantamount to God's control room. I read this book at the recommendation of a friend, to determine if I might want to read the whole series. At first I wasn't too sure about it--seemed like a typical western, cowboy walks into a saloon type-a thing. Took about half-way through for me to really get interested (twas at the Waystation), where new characters are introduced and the story really gets into the sci-fi/multiverse concepts. By the slow mutants, I was sold and went straight on through the series. That being said, this book deserves a cover-to-cover reading before making your own decision, because while it starts in a genre that sci-fi/fantasy readers might grumble at, it ends firmly in safe and fascinating territory.
The start of the epic quest... The Dark Tower series. What can be said, except amazing story telling by King. He makes you feel as if you have known Roland and his ka-tet your whole life. All six (and I'm sure the seventh will be also) books are my all-time personal favorites. Once you start 'The Gunslinger' you will be hooked and will not stop reading until you finish the VI book: 'Song of Susannah', and then anxiously await the VII (last volume). I have read all of Stephen King's books (except for his two non-fiction works) and I feel that nothing even comes close to matching the Dark Tower series. Except for maybe 'The Talisman' or 'The Stand'... 'The Gunslinger' is not my favorite of the series, but it starts the whole epic saga off very well, and keeps you wanting more. If you are a fan of King and have not bothered to read the Dark Tower, you are making a big mistake. Start with this excellent book, and then before you know it, you will be finishing up 'Song of Susannah'.
Read Before The Movies!! I decided to start the Dark Tower series while I wait for Winds of Winter...as well as because of the upcoming movies. I really enjoyed this book, but it was a very quick read. I was a little confused at times as I am not used to the writing and terminology in this series, but it quickly grew on me and I went back and figured some stuff out. This first book seemed like it was pretty much character and setting development for the rest of the series. I can't wait to start #2!!!
It's a Slog To Get Through I read this because everybody I know keeps telling me to read the Dark Tower and that it's such an amazing story. Well, after reading it, I disagree. It's a slog to get through. Many parts of the story didn't seem to make any sense or go anywhere. There didn't seem to be any direction or purpose for anything. Nothing was explained. At the end, all I know is Roland wants to find the Dark Tower and that it's probably the home of the Devil. I guess I just "don't get it".
Go then, there are other worlds than these... The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed... If you HAVE NOT read this book, DO NOT follow. I repeat: DO NOT follow. Spoilers ahead! So, this one is very tricky. Why "tricky", you might ask. Well... many people don't know there are two fundamentally different versions of this book. I read it for the first time in 2004 or 2005, serbian translation of the "original" version. I knew about it back in 1993 already, when there were only two or three books in the series. But it just never attracted me (I lived in Germany back then, and the strange German titles for books didn't help either). So when I read it, it was hard. I was tempted to put it down. Until Jake Chambers was introduced into the story. Then I became hooked. Then I hated King and Roland for killing Jake. That original version doesn't sit well with many people. It's strange, the tone is much different than most other King-books. It's on the edge of boring when you read it the first time. So that's why King decided, back in 2003, to publish a revised version - one that would be more in the tone of the books that followed in the series, and one that would be clean of mistakes he made in the continuity when he wrote the later books. So when I first read The Gunslinger in English in 2012 (as a preparation to read The Wind Through the Keyhole), I read the revised version. And I liked it. It was a bit of a bummer that now all the lingo of the later books seeped into the first, "innocent" one, but it made sense in the big picture. Now I want to re-read the whole series (and hopefully, finally all the comics, too) and I took the original Gunslinger in English. And it's the story I remember reading the first time, with all its flaws, all the things young Stephen King (remember, he was 23 when he started the book, and he wrote it for 12 years. He never wrote anything that long) wanted to put into it to be cool, cryptic, myterious... And I still love it. I still hate King and Roland for letting Jake fall into that abyss near the end of the book (it doesn't matter what great things happen later in the series), but OH MY GOD the energy of the story, the big way ahead, the adventure... and with all the knowlegde of what awaits, it is just marvelous. All those connections to the Old Ones, the remnants (like the big railway station)... it makes me all want King to write stories about THAT time. Way, way before the Gunslinger and his time. But that probably won't ever happen. This book is the key to connecting to Roland, Jake, their relationship, The Man in black, who already here, though Young King didn't know yet, had all the charm of Randall Flagg, and as strange as it is, I can't imagine a better start for the series than this. And the flashbacks of Tull, Hax the cook, Roland's gunslinger test... it just has the magic only a young, but extremely talented writer (which is in itself rare) can produce. Yes, the following books have a different tone, which changes from book to book almost, but remember, this is a story which was started by a 23-year-old guy in 1970, and finished by a 56-year-old in 2003 (the last books were published in 2004). Now you try and write something like that without having differences in tone. I for one am grateful to sai King for having pushed us on this great journey. And just to show off what kind of a Tower-junkie I am - I got two DT-related tattoos. One of them is pretty big. Reviews for the rest of the series follows as I finish the books. Go then, there are other worlds than these.
This book is FANTASTIC, though the series... meh Soooo.... I, of course, finished the entire series, cuz that's how I roll, but I had some major issues with the way King went with some stuff in the last three books. I still read them and, overall, enjoyed them but they were not without fault and I actually wanted to write him a nasty letter ;) I cannot in good conscience recommend the series to my pickier of friends, BUT I have no regrets for having read it. That all being said, Book 1: The Gunslinger was my favorite out of all seven books (book 3 ran a close second). If King had stuck with this style in the first book I would have been pleased. Also, while reading this book I, no kidding, said to myself: "This may end up being the greatest series I've ever read." THE POTENTIAL WAS THERE but King beefed it later on (he has an "ending" problem). The last three books were rushed and it showed. It felt like he just wanted to finish. I know this series is not his bread and butter... he has his hands in a lot of pots... but as a fantasy fan, I felt ripped off. I think the other fantasy series that I have loved were created by authors who made those series their life's passion and didn't have a lot else going on, so that could be the issue here. But King claims to be a fantasy reader himself, so he should know better. We take this stuff real serious, and he should have too. For shame, Steven King, for shame.
A Great Start "The Gunslinger" is the first book in Stephen King's epic fantasy series, titled "The Dark Tower." This book is very, very different from the fantasy that you can pick up in bookstores or purchase at Amazon. This epic has a very different feel to it when you are reading the book. I would say that this book is a western type of fantasy, with particular emphasis on the western part. Most of the book takes place in the desert and villages in it, and this will give the feel that distinguishes this book from others. Stephen King is a master of the English language and his words paint a clear image in your mind. The book starts off teaching you about the gunslinger, who we later learn is named Roland, is chasing the Man in Black. The book is like a mystery in a way as as the book progresses you learn about the gunslinger's motives and we eventually learn his real obsession. Roland stops at a village and falls in love with a woman. In this part of the story King portrays a romance between the gunslinger and his girlfriend. Later on in the book Roland the Gunslinger meets up with the child Jake, and Jake continues with Roland on his quest to find the Man in Black. At the end of the novel Roland will have to make a hard choice concerning Jake and the Man in Black. The story has a good set up but does come across a bit slow throughout the novel. Stephen King originally wrote "The Gunslinger" as five different short stories, and they are all published here as one novel. Each part of the book can be appreciated as a story in itself or as a part of the whole fantasy epic. On another note, King's idea for this book came from Robert Browning's epic poem, "Childe Roland." Roland the Gunslinger is a man obsessed with finding the Man in Black. The last part of the story is defintely the best as you learn lots about why Roland has been following the Man in Black. We learn how Roland is set out to find the Dark Tower, which is supposed to hold a room that is basically the control room of all the universes. King is a greatly talented author and it shows here. King brought an inventive fantasy story and put in many different flavors so this book will appeal to a wide group of readers. As curious as I am to find out more about Roland's quest, I am going to hold off reading the books until the next two books of the series are published, probably next year, so I won't I will be able to read most of the series all at once. This is a masterpiece that shouldn't be passed up. Happy Reading!
The Gunslinger Part of The Dark Tower Series by Stephen King. Highly Recommended!!!!!!! Too bad I could not give 10 stars. #1 The Gunslinger - Introduction to the last Gunslinger, Roland. This book was wonderful. It introduces you to some of the characters of the series and gives you the Gunslinger's quest. #2 - The Drawing of the Three - Roland pulls future Gunslingers, Jake, Eddie, and Suzannah from our world over to his. I really enjoyed how this was done. The characters are very likeable (especially OY) #3 - The Wastelands - The Gunslingers make continue on their way. Blaine really is a pain. #4 - Wizard and Glass - Roland tells them the story of Susan, The girl at the window. A very sad thing that happened to him in childhood. A beautiful story. #5 - Wolves of the Calla - The gunslingers help a town that is about to have their children taken. Jake makes a friend his own age. A character from another King book is met. This book was well put together. #6 - Song of Suzannah - This one tells of something that Suzannah is going through. #7 - The Dark Tower - The quest is finally over. The tower is reached. But who will make it there? Believe it or not this book made me cry. #* - The Wind Through the Keyhole - This story takes place between some of the other books. It is Roland and his gang taking refuge from a storm and Roland telling stories to pass the time. The stories are beautifully written. All of the stories in this series are exceptional. I love how they flow together. It really does seem like one continuous book.
Stephen King Convert As a serious scholar of English literature, I had often pooh-poohed King as a novelist. Even the biggest of fans has to admit that his popular fiction, although certainly riveting as page turners, could hardly rate as first class. However, after reading The Gunslinger I hold the man in high esteem as a writer. Using the poem, Childe Roland by Robert Browning as a touchstone, King has created a world that is compelling and literarily sound. His use of language and symbolism is deft. I think when all the points are tallied, King will be remembered as a literary giant. If you are unsure about his writing ability then give his Dark Tower series a chance.
Challenging start to an amazing series The Gunslinger is the opening book in Stephen King's amazing The Dark Tower series. This book is excellent but I found it very challenging to read the first time through. The first fifth of the book (the section called "The Gunslinger") is very surreal and dream like. There are a lot of things that just pop up and seem kind of hazy and hard to latch onto. There is a very dark and bleak tone and I remember the first time through thinking "man, am I signing up for 7 books of this?" Fortunately The Gunslinger picks up a lot after the first section and becomes easier to follow as it goes on. Stick with it! This book is written with the style of throwing you into a complex world with its own vocabulary and customs without explaining very much directly. While this helps make the world feel "lived in", it is pretty disorienting at first. I've just finished my first re-reading of The Gunslinger after reading the entire Dark Tower series and I found I enjoyed this book much more after knowing more context. Things immediately make more sense, you just need context from the rest of the series. This is definitely intentional (and pretty brilliant) on Stephen King's part. Reading this book a second time after you've gone through the journey once is significantly different, which ties into some of the larger themes of the series - Ka is a wheel after all. This book is the gateway to some of the very best stories I've ever read. Books 2-4 of the Dark Tower are some of my all time favorites and the ending was one of the most visceral reading experiences I've ever had. Better yet, reading this series changes how you look at every other book Stephen King has written. This is a series that sticks with me on the level of Lord of the Rings or A Song of Ice And Fire, I can't give a better review than that.
I didn't expect this! I am an avid Stephen King fan but I always avoided reading this book since it came out in the 80's...I love King's horror books and have read most of them since the late 70's...recently, I read some non-horror King books that were pretty good (11/22/63) so I decided to revisit this series and see if I could get into it this time...I am going to say something that I thought I would never say but this book is probably the best book I have ever read by Stephen King...it completely changes everything I ever thought about him as a writer...I read it again and again...it completely blew my mind. There are very few books which are as perfectly constructed as this one. The way this first (in a series of 7) book ends is remarkable. There is still horror and science fiction in this but the philosophical undertones are dramatic, and for me, mostly unexplored themes from other books by King. This is quite the achievement. I don't know if other King fans will agree or not, but to me, this holds true. The beginning is a little disjointed and it takes a bit for you to get into the book but if you have the patience, you will be rewarded at the end. You will find yourself going back and reading the beginning again with a new understanding. Once you get to the second part of the book, you will not stop reading it. I can only look forward to what the future holds in store for Roland and his adventures in this post-apocalyptic world, to figure out who and what the man in black is. It's a perfect beginning to the gunslinger's quest.
Thought was okay - good enough that I will get the 2nd in the ... Heard of this book and when saw author had done revision decided to check out. Thought was okay - good enough that I will get the 2nd in the series from library for free and decide if continue with the series or not. Interesting 'gunslinger' in a future world concept.
The Dark Tower starts here! Hey, it's Stephen King! Of course it;s a lotta things, but this revision is done a little better than the original, still a great read, but of course there are SIX more to read after this!! Will read them all again... Great tie-ins to other King books!
A new Stephen King fan! I don't really care for the "horror" genre so never read any books from Stephen King. A friend convinced me to try The Dark Tower series and although the first book was a bit light on the action the writing was excellent and I can see how King is so popular. I've been told that the next books are more action-oriented and I've already purchased the next book.
Confusing Flashbacks and Dated Writing Makes This a Slow Start I did this all wrong. I'm travelling in reverse down the Stephen King highway. I started with Joyland, then On Writing, then 11/22/63, and then Under the Dome, and I'm just now reading his older works. And there's a noticeable difference. Other King fans have had the benefit of growing up, watching King define his writing prowess. From where I stand, I have an opportunity to peer through the looking glass and compare the King of yesteryear to the author he is today. And that's a good thing. That's what fuels my desire and whets my appetite more. The Gunslinger is an example of a creative genius trying too hard. As his preamble states, King tried to combine The Lord of the Rings with a Sergio Leone western. And you know what? For the most part he pulled it off. Here, in just the beginning of a seven novel journey, I can see the making of a brilliantly crafted universe packed with love, sacrifice, heroism, action, and every other clichd word that's come out of a deep-voiced trailer narrative. What falls apart--again, in King's own admittance--is a writing that obfuscates the view. With the defunct blowhard narrative, the obsessively used adverbs, and the broken apart flashbacks, the reader is left with a blurred masterpiece. What could have been, and what King promises later is true, is a vivid, amazing story. I'm just disappointed I need to wait until a later book for this to transpire. The youthfulness of King's writing often makes its appearance throughout the Gunslinger. We're witness to whatever writing workshop advice King received. I'm sure someone told him all the great writers have a story within a story. I'm also assuming due to the frequency of its use, he newly learned the word palaver. The time spent in King's alternate universe was not a waste. I appreciated the journey. There was enough action to move me forward and enough foreshadowing to yearn for more. Again, I just wish the flashbacks were more defined and the narrative more clear.
Great Beginning To An Incredible Fantasy Epic! This is the first in Stephen King's Dark Tower series and right away it pulls the reader into the desolate landscape of an Alter-Earth, where similarities between our world are noted and the differences are savored (and cringed at). Comparable to Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings series (although definitely intended for a much older and mature audience)this involves one man's quest for a Dark Tower (which presumably could save his dying world), a man that is a cross between a knight and an American West gunfighter (hence the title). In this he is following a "man in black" who may have answers he so desperately needs. This is entertaining reading at its best, adventure, intrigue, a must for any fan of Stephen King. I'm not that big of a fantasy novel fan but this book and it's sequels are excellent motivators to peruse that genre. Bottom line, if you're looking for some fun while reading check this book out. If you do you'll not only finish this book but you'll find yourself going right for the next one, until you find yourself waiting (rather patiently I might add) for Mr. King to put out another one of these tightly woven, highly interesting stories!
Brilliant prose, bad story, worse philosphy and abysmal theology. I read the first installment of the series because of the upcoming movie. The fact that the author explains himself in the introduction should be a spoiler that the book itself can not carry its own, despite the soaring prose. Why do professional storytellers try to be amateur philosophers or theologians? The answer is probably that we all are, the difference between one amateur philosopher and the other is that one can write prose (or songs) and therefore has an audience while the other can not and therefore does not. The Gunslinger is a flat nonstory with some highlights of inconsequential violence-porn and senseless demon-sex that ends in an exposition dump of amateur ontology that leaves you glad that you do not need to read the next book in the installment. All this told in beautiful prose.
It's better this time! Read this series years ago, but in coming back to it as a much older person, I find a certain richness in the experience of time, with the world " moving on." Amidst all the chaos of tale and sorcery, oracles and the like, we find the fundamental character of the man is what leads him forward on his journey. I know what comes next, but at the same time, I'm anxious to rediscover it through King's eyes. Wonderful reading!
Best of the first three in the series! I have read the first three books in the series and this is by far the best of them. The narration moves along at a fair pace and it isn't drawn out. A few friends have told me that they didn't like the first book, but I felt just the opposite. I will admit that this book is different from the other two books that follow it in its style, length, and narration.
Roland's journey to the Dark Tower This is a great read. Matter of fact the whole series of the Dark Tower is a GREAT read. Really hard to put the book down once you start. This is about Roland and his journey to the Dark Tower. I liked it so much that I have the whole series. Now I am waiting to see if a movie is made regarding this story.
OK as one-seventh of a series, but not a great stand-alone novel I love King's vocabulary and style, and have read several other of his novels. I've heard enough about the Dark Tower series that I wanted to bite the bullet; take the plunge, whatever trite metaphor you like. I'm not quite mid-way through the 7-book series yet, so I'm withholding judgement on the magnum opus, but as a *stand alone* novel, this book is just OK. If you plan on reading the series, I guess you have to read them all, but if you're only looking for one book to read, I don't recommend this one; when you're finished, you won't feel satisfied or complete.
Strong Ending Things are slow at first. The author's introduction to this edition, On Being Nineteen (and a few other things), was what kept me going. Definitely a good read and I look forward to the next book. (What a rich nineteen year old mind to have started such a story; capturing such a world on paper. And to have the ability to draw this 43 year old mind into that world . . . what a gift.)
Intriguing and difficult approach to the epic myth genre I'm terribly intrigued by this story. I don't know who it was that suggested I pick it up and read it, but after reading Tolkien's famous works of the One Ring, I thought I'd give this epic tale a try. The difficulty in it is that there is a whole new sense of world and mythology behind it. Nothing actually new (western style gunslingers, Arthurian social castes, epic scale of earth, time and space) but the way King presents it, it takes a long time to understand what is going on. Only by the time I was finishing the story did I really start to feel comfortable with the timeline, character, and possible future of the story. Also, he's a brilliant writer, and honestly, I had difficult time reading it because he uses soo much vocabulary that I wasn't familiar with. I'm glad I had to look up words and be challenged to think more about what I was reading, but it took me longer to read it because of that. I'm just now reading the 2nd book in the series now with a bit more ease.
Meh, seems like it's written for teens. I had heard a lot of hype about these books being amazing. I'm not impressed with the first one. I have been told I have to make it to book three before the story gets really good. I don't think I'll be reading the rest.
Great Start To A Series I've been looking for a new series to get into for some time and overheard some of my co-workers discussing The Dark Tower series. Needless to say, this is not a new series by any means, but one that is getting popular again, due to the newest book being released early this week. The tale of the story is genius and incorporates many different themes, including western and parallel universe. There are also tons of metaphors which really make you think. Overall, it is a quick read and definitely makes you want to read the next!
King Has Done It Again! King is the master of dark! Compelling and fulfilling, the reader is drawn into a new fantasy world full of mystery and suspense. I only put it down when I absolutely had to! I'm a first time reader and I'm already mid-way through book two! Kudos to King!
great series.. writer... not happy with you Stephen......... This dark tower series is I think his greatest work. It has ket (lol) me with him since 1982 but at times made me not buy anything else he wrote. Reason.... Time.... At the end of book 3 he promised to have another out by Christmas of 1982... when did it finally come out? A decade later... It took him over 20 years to finish the series and it was infuriating to have to wait for him to get in the mood to finish it. The series itself however.... I loved it....
An absolute must The Dark Tower series is among the best writing you will find. It's Stephen King, so the story can be a bit weird - something that usually keeps me away from books like this - but he's such a master with the English language that he'll get you past that aversion in a hurry. The first seventeen pages of this book are some of my favorite bits of writing in history.
Wonderful world-building, characters, and setting. A quick, enjoyable entry into the series. The Dark Tower 1: The Gunslinger was not what I expected based on the intro by King, where he essentially credited his need to write this book as coming from the Lord of the Rings series. That isn't to say I didn't like the book - quite to the contrary, I love the world he has created. King doesn't mind throwing you into the deep end a bit, and then giving you enough details and understanding of the "way things are" to get back to dry ground. The pacing is excellent, the characters well-developed, and the setting is palpable. You feel the dryness of the world, the methodical way the gunslinger moves through it after his quarry, and realness of the dangers of the journey. Ahead of it's time as a sort of mash-up of post-apocalyptic fiction and the fantasy genre that Sanderson, Rothfuss, and Martin are making more rich every day. Don't stop with Book 1: it gains speed and breadth when you move down the beach to Book 2...
Disappointment I've never read Stephen King before, though friends swear by him... I prefer fantasy. When I read reviews that he had written The Gunslinger as his first attempt at fantasy, I thought it was probably a safer bet than an unknown writer (I've read some pretty bad stuff, but knew it was a toss up). This was SO not my taste! Give me Tolkien or Sanderson or Jordan any day...
First in the series BUT... I've read this book many times before, but this is new to my kindle. I thought something felt different, almost as if it were a different book. Then I notices the revised and updated throughout notice. I think I'll continue the series on my kindle - good part is now there are color pictures like in the book - but I may not read them all again if the next one is "revised and updated throughout" It's like a cheeseburger without cheese.
Not sure how to say this..... Actually I thought it was a little too disjointed. I had a hard time following the story and trying to figure it out. I even found myself going back to try to make sense out of events. I almost didn't finish it but thats not my style. I am going to read the next one as the reviews seem to be more favorable. I will give it a try as my goal is to read the whole series. I am a Stephen King fan so I am confident I won't be disappointed.
Size and Time And so one cycle ends and another begins. I read this when it first came out and failed to grasp the biblical aspect of creation. Now a little older and hopefully wiser the story will have a whole new meaning for me. I am looking forward to the drawing of the three.
Why'd you do it Stephen? I am so annoyed that I bought this book. I am a HUGE fan of the Dark Tower series and I can't wait for the rest of the series to be published. I just don't see the need for anyone who has already read the original version to read this one. The meeting with the man in black was altered too much and he took out some of its better lines. Example: "Do I know you?" was changed to "Will I win?" There are a few other unnecessary alterations that I can't mention because they would be spoilers. I think that the original version is perfect by itself and if you can find a copy of it, please read it instead of this version. I gave this version of the book 3 stars because I still love the story to no end, but I had to count off for the annoyance factor. I'd give the original 5 stars.
Great Books! I just discovered the series, I love it. I'm glad I wasn't into it before now - waiting between installments would have made me crazy! I didn't have the problem some folks did with getting into The Gunslinger - for me it was not a difficult read. However, for those who felt that it was ploddy, stick with it because it does set up the story for the rest of the series.
Excellent! I can't believe it took me this long to start The Dark Towers series but I'm sure glad I did! I love getting lost in King's stories no matter what the genre. Gunslinger is not something I ever would have started had it been done by another author but I'll read anything by Stephen King so I jumped in and found myself a new series. The man is a genius!
Why did it take me so long? My son has been after me for years to read this series. I started it once a long, long time ago, and I just couldn't get into it. After seeing his excitement when the final book was published, I decided to try again. After downloading the revised book to my kindle, I read the introductory sections be Stephen King, and dove in. I was unable to put the books down this time. I just finished the series. This has to be one of the best series I have ever read! For all of you fans who haven't read this series, try it again and you won't be disappointed. It really is a fantastic series, so far at least.
Book One is ponderous and needlessly dense. This is the FIRST book I have ever read by Mr. King. It was suggested to me....or I should say the series was suggested to me by my next door neighbor. He warned me that the first book was going to require some effort and he was spot on. After reading half of it I wondered to myself what was my neighbor seeing in this book? I stuck with it since the series has so many positive reviews. I give this book only two stars BUT I give the series 10 stars. If you can plod through the first book and often confusing language etc... you will be pleased to find that book two and three will hook you. I am now half way through book three and I spend a little time each day wondering just what is going to happen next to Roland, Eddie, and Susanah. Will Jake make another appearance So I suppose in some ways I am being unfair to book one. It did hook me. BUT without the prodding of my neighbor to keep at it I would have stopped at 75% of book one. If you like mind bending, thought provoking, time bending, and question asking....you will like this series and I give it a HIGH score. BUT just be aware that while Book one is important to understand what follows it is not indicative of the series. The books get better and better. Or is it that Mr. King has drawn me into his web and I can't escape..... He seems a little sneaky so I would not put it past him! Just kidding. Thanks Mr. King. A great series that I will be sad to read the last one... because then I might understand what the heck is going on! :) :)
SO GOOD! Even better the second time around! I read the Dark Tower series about 7 years ago, and I almost cried when I finished. Not because of how the journey ends for Roland and his ka-tet (though that's a good reason), but because I finished probably THE BEST series of fiction, with probably the BEST cast of characters, and hands down the greatest main character ever created by any author ever in modern fiction, Roland Deschain. And finishing Roland's story finally, I found that I missed him, Jake, Eddie, Susannah, and Oi. They had been part of my life so long, that it was like losing my best friends. Recently I convinced my wife to read the Gunslinger to see if she would get hooked like I did. Well she didn't read it fast enough so I took over and I happy to see Roland my old friend once again. And of course I am again obsessed with finding the Dark Tower, almost as much as Roland. Now to see more old friends as I start book two.
Good Job By Stephen King Stephen Kind does a great job of using the quest/pursuit theme to weave a great story. He describes the world the gunslinger is not quite a dystopian one, but simply his world "moved on". The pursuit of the "man in black" was not over-done. The final conversation between the gunslinger and the "man in black" sets the tone for the other books in this series. A great read.
Good so I bought the second... The intro to the series, not what I had expected but that didn't stop me from reading it all the way through and buying the next one! It's a lot of character development which is needed when you begin the second. It's a quick read at only about 250 pages but I enjoyed it.
The Begining to A Great Book The Gunslinger is one very good book. I really like the characters here because I really believe this is a story you will not be able to put down. Many people dont have time to read but when you pick this book up you will not be able to put it down. Make sure you have extra time on your hands or else youll become glued to the book.
Loved it! I would consider myself Stephen King's #1 fan, but there are probably thousands that would say the same. I had to buy this again since my original copy was loaned out and not returned. I am in the process of finishing the entire DT series. Never dissapointed with his books.
I waited a LONG Time When The Gunslinger first appeared I decided that I didn't want to get stuck in the middle of a series, Then I started the Wheel of Time.. but that's another story. I did stick to this one however without fully understanding that I'd be waiting 20 years to read this thing. Now it's finished though and I've just finished the first book in the series. Was it worth the wait? Damn right it was! Apart from having what I think is the most intriguing opening line in literary history - my own admittedly limited view probably - the world here is so odd that it might have been off-putting except that it's also so well imagined. the problem with being a fantasy fan is that I've been relegated to reading fantasy NOVELS, which is all very well and good except that everyone (literally everyone) in that genre seems to just want to retell Lord of the Rings. Fantasy is the genre that allows you to create a world as crazy as you want without explaining yourself in the slightest and yet the authors in this most extraordinary of genres just tell the same story. Part of what I like about this book has to do with the fact that King doesn't explain himself. Rather, King tells us about the world we are in through the actions of the main protagonist Roland, if Roland is afraid of something then we should be afraid of it. An unexpected side effect of this kind of storytelling is that we come to trust Roland which might be awkward since Roland commits many acts which are completely and utterly reprehensible. So yes, I liked it, the characters have depth, the World is, let's say unorthadox and the ending is crazy. It doesn't hurt that King's metaphysics in this world tend to match up with mine quite a bit. All that and I don't have to wait years for the sequel! HA!
The Gunslinger The first instalment of Stephen King's fantasy series is unashamedly inspired by that other fantastic series, "The Lord of the Rings". King made no attempt to hide this and refers to it in each of his surprisingly-interesting forwards, but the thought of reading something so obviously "inspired" put me off. It was only after the release of the final book in the series I was persuaded to pick up "Gunslinger", and was appalled at how brilliant it was. It's easy for people to say King's off his game, but he wasn't then and he isn't now - the final book, released only recently, is testament to this. "Gunslinger" is arguably everything that Stephen King isn't: beautiful, poetic, and not really horror. Technically it's fantasy, post-apocalyptic fantasy, and on top of that it's a Western of sorts. It's a glaring divergence from King's usual style, but what appalled me was that it was good. Very, very good, and despite the assumption that King's unfamiliarity with the genre would prove to be the novel's downfall, it is also full of everything that King is wonderful at: suspense, mystery, and very real characters. A review column isn't the place for a synopsis, so I'll keep it brief. This book has one real character and that's the mysterious hero, the eponymous gunslinger who is a throwback from a bygone age that existed before the world "moved on". The brevity of the novel lends itself to this kind of storytelling, in which we follow a single character in a series of events, a tale told in a surreal, rippling narrative that is like looking through water at an alternate world. The other novels don't keep up this dreamlike form of storytelling, which makes "Gunslinger" all the more precious. If you like King, you'll love this, regardless of the change in genre. If you pick this up and hate it, you'll still come away with a fresh idea on what novels are all about, reminded why people write. Simple story. Complex characters. You don't have to read the others if you don't like it, but if you want a fresh piece of fiction from an established super-writer, then for God's sake try "Gunslinger"!
The beginning of an amazing series! The Dark Tower is probably my favorite series and if you are to follow what King says and see it as a whole novel, then it's my favorite novel. I don't really see it as a whole novel in the same way that I don't see Lord of the Rings as a whole novel. As in both, there are books in the collection that are much better than others. The Gunslinger is the beginning. It's Star Wars before it was Episode IV: A New Hope. It's flawed, the effects are out of date, the characters not completely fully-realized, the narrative a little stilted sometimes, the dialogue a little clunky, but all in all, the beginning of a great saga. Even with the new revised edition, the Gunslinger has its flaws. I agree with King that he didn't find his voice until Drawing of the Three. But Gunslinger is still good. It's still very, very good! We meet Roland and we don't like him for most of the book. We meet Jake and we love him. We cry for him. We are introduced to a world that "has moved on." It's a wasteland of a world that doesn't even hint of the wonders to come (monorails, giant robotic animals, glass castles, fields of roses, and the Tower itself). This book sets the stage, introduces some of the characters, and with the revising, hints at the things to come. In the whole series, it's the weakest of them all. Nothing can ever change that. It's the nature of the tale, the setup for the story to come. The Gunslinger is like a long prologue. It's what you have to get through to get to the meat! But it's worth it. It's good to finish the book, close it's covers, and leap into Drawing of the Three. Because, trust me, that's when it gets going. That's when the story starts to cook! The Dark Tower is the greatest fantasy collection of our times. Like those before (LOTR, Chronicles of Narnia, Oz books) it is about right and wrong, what makes us humans, love, wonderment, evil of the utmost, living our lives to the fullest, and never ever forgetting the faces of our father. It's about Ka.
Among the Greats The Gunslinger by Stephen King was a surprise for me. I haven't really read any King since junior high school; I kind of came to see him as too mainstream for me early on. This was in no way based on his merit as a writer - I was just a know-it-all kid who scorned all that was popular. That being said, I was blown away by the scope of this first volume of the Dark Tower series. It is right up there among Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter (and Stephen King would be honored by the comparison, I know). In particular, I loved the way that the language of the Gunslinger was just oddly different enough from our own to cause the reader to know definitively that this knight of Gilead was related to us in some distant way. An example of this is, "I cry your pardon." It's enough like "beg your pardon" to understand its purpose, but just off enough to signal alienation from our own society. The Gunslinger's Mid-World is reminiscent of Tolkien's Middle Earth in that each is a heretofore unknown piece of human history. Unlike Middle Earth, which is our distant past, Mid-World is in our distant future, as evidenced by this exchange between Walter and the Gunslinger: "Gunslinger, our many-times-great grandfathers conquered the-disease-which-rots, which they called cancer, almost conquered aging, walked on the moon." By the Roland's time, however, the world has moved on. He cannot even believe that Walter speaks the truth. The story of the Gunslinger follows Roland across the desert in his chase of the Man in Black. As he crosses, he meets several different odd characters who help and hinder him on his quest, the most memorable of which is a doomed young boy named Jake from our own world. In case it isn't yet evident, I highly recommend the Dark Tower series to any person with the slightest inclination to read science-fiction. The Gunslinger is probably the most difficult of the series to read, just because King doesn't spoon-feed anything to the reader. Hold on and let him take you along this epic journey.
A Good Beginning. Let's face it: King is just too good an author, has too much going on, to simply stick to writing novels his whole career. I'm not saying that his stand-alone novels aren't good, far from it,(even though I've only read two) but it is even better for King to do something bigger - in a word, a masterpiece. These Dark Tower Dark books appear to be just that. I guess, at the core of the story, its a fantasy. It has all the elements - a quest, final battle approaching, a great civilization now gone to ruin, etc... But I'm sure this is unlike any fantasy that you've ever read. It's got a definite western setting, but to classify it as a western would probably be just as bad as the other. I'd say its a fantasy/western, with smatterings of science fiction and horror as well. But, when it really boils down to it, its an epic. It definately has some strangness, but its strange in a good way. There's something extremely evocative and intriguing about the whole setting that makes me eager to finish the tale. The book opens with the gunslinger, Roland of Gilead, chasing the man in black across the desert in a world that has "moved on." The author is intentionally vague about what that phrase means, as well as who the gunslinger is and what his purpose is. More will be revealed throughout the book, in pieces, but only a little, because there'e six more books to go. Since it starts off this way, it may take a little getting into, because at first all you know is that this guy is chasing another guy, but it definately gets enjoyable pretty soon. There are flashbacks throughout the book, but they don't slow the plot down. Part of the beauty of the story is discovering all the back history piece by piece. This book really was quite enthralling. The ending will definately throw you for a loop; it gives a hint of just how big the whole story is, but at the same time I found it very anticlamatic, and when the story ended I was left with a sort of emptiness that I did not like. But, aside from the very beginning and very end, this book was quite good. Now, on to Round Two...
Standin' on tha corner straight slingin' guns "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." Never before has a more succint-cum-intrigue introductory line been printed. (not since the opener to Ray Bradbury's Farenheit 451 that is: "It was a pleasure to burn.") The Gunslinger is one of the most romantic (think Hemmingway, Nelson Algren) novels of all time. Our hero is the last of the Mohicans, so to speak, in a land where shi--err--stuff has happend and the world has moved on. Desolate disaster and death lies behind every town's facade and there is one man who can possibly put an end to the wrong; a true man that can but try: the gunslinger. He escapades across desserts and mountains in search of the Dark Tower--the eiffel that holds the worlds (Earth, his world, and the existing others) together. Along the way he meets a boy named Jake. Jake is a piece of the puzzle that the gunslinger must solve, a pawn to the Dark Man's chess game. It is a blood-sworn journey the gunslinger is on. His past, his training, and lost lovers are stops along the way. The only solution he knows lies in his Sandalwood grip pistols crisscrossing his midsection. It is a sad tale, but a very palatable one if you reflect on how our world too has moved on. If you love King or hate him, let The Gunslinger set the record straight. It is the first in a (currently unfinished) Dark Tower series and is like nothing King has ever pinned. It is a dark novel which exists in sour dreams. The best, the best King has done. It's straight from the hip of his drug-addled past (a fact that is evident in the novel). This book is one that has been overlooked by movies, universities, demagogues and egotists, but mark my words: The Gunslinger will emerge in the 21st century as a powerful novel, as evident and poignent in society as Romeo & Juliet; once dissected, will be served in High School along with sloppy joes, John Steinbeck. Kevin Burns
The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed. I've just got to say, this has to be the best opening sentence to a book EVER written. And it wasn't just a great book, but a wonderful series as well. This is the first book of the Dark Tower Series. This is an introduction of two of the main characters of the series... if not the two main characters. Roland (The Gunslinger), who is definitely the main character, later on meets and befriends Jake along his travels as he pursues the man in black. In fact, Jake becomes more of a son to Roland than a friend. There were two versions of this book. The first version was one of the first books ever written by Stephen King and dealt with the time line of this story with slight glimpses of Roland's past. This new version was released before the series was finished and some of the story was re-written while adding several flashbacks to help the reader learn and understand Roland better. I have read them both and I think if you are going to go the distance with this series the background story is helpful. If you are only going to read one version, make it the latter one. The main object of Roland's desire is The Dark Tower. He does not know why he needs to go there only that it is his destiny (or ka, as this and subsequent books call it) to do so as told by a pink orb he acquired before the events of this book. It is not only his quest to find the Dark Tower but to understand its purpose as well. This book sets up nearly all of the events of the future books of this series. In the end, Roland is tested. Is he willing to give up everything for this quest? Is he willing to go the distance even if he must sacrifice the objects he holds most dear in his life? A note on the series: I began reading this series in junior high school but became disheartened with the cliffhanger ending of the third book and the long delay until it was resolved in the fourth book (6 Looooooong YEARS!). I vowed to not read this series until it was completed. Well, ladies and gentlemen, the series has been completed and resolved. Count yourselves lucky that you did not have to wait 17 years for the conclusion as I did (I restarted it after book seven was announced). It is a long ride for the dark tower is far away and there is much to be done before Roland reaches it. Is it worth the journey? Oh yes, this is one of the best series ever written. It is hard to categorize this series, however. My local library has it listed under Science Fiction. But there are bits of horror, bits of western lore, bit of fantasy, and bits of pure drama. So if you like any of these categories, there is something for you to be found in this series.
unlike any other King I've read This is very different from any other King that I've read so far. It's like a high fantasy, spaghetti-western, fever dream. The writing seems sparse upon reading, but the surreal landscape soon becomes memorable and haunting. I'll admit there were times when I wasn't even sure what I'd just read, it gets pretty strange at times. But by the end I was intrigued enough to have purchased the second volume. My hope is that the weirdness ends up being metaphorical and not simply weirdness for weirdness' sake.
At times hard to read, but overall an intriguing ... At times hard to read, but overall an intriguing book that sets the reader up for the rest of the series. I'll definitely keep reading the books- already started the Drawing of the Three and I'm hooked.
In fact I enjoyed the book so much I bought the next 4 ... Tentatively purchased this book as I am a big fan of Stephen King but was unsure of this epic of story of his. I got to say I had much difficultly putting this book down. In fact I enjoyed the book so much I bought the next 4 books on my Kindle. I am now cruising through the second book and would recommend this book (and this series) to anyone who enjoys Stephen King and tales to the scale of Lord of the Rings.
I like to refer to this series as "the best trip ... I've read this series twice now and am about to begin on my third journey. I like to refer to this series as "the best trip you've ever been on without the need for drugs". It is THAT good. I love how King intertwines real life events over time into his stories and in this storyline, in particular, it's done masterfully well.
17 year old wrote this?!?!?!? What has always amazed me about this series is that this first book was the first book that Stephen King ever wrote when he was 17. He writes himself into the series and states there that the concepts terrified him and that was why he put it in the back corner of his home under a bunch of other stuff. That a 17 year old could have such concepts as this to me wow, just blows me away. Ive read the series about 4 times now and am re-reading it now again. Every time, I see/understand some of he concepts better. Some of the later books have a bit of gore to them, but that is easily passed over. GREAT READING
An Intriguing Start So this was an odd book for me. It was a weird book in that even at the end I wasn't entirely sure what was going on. I have my theories, but that's all they are at this point. The world and the mythology, what readers learn of it by the end of the book (which isn't a lot), is revealed slowly, like peeling the layers of an onion. An intriguing, maddening, what-the-hell-is-it-REALLY onion. I feel a little like the gunslinger at the end...compelled to move on to find answers to something I don't fully understand. Again and again it ends this way. There are quests and roads that lead ever onward, and all of them end in the same place - upon the killing ground. Do I know what that quote means? Not necessarily but it sounds cool, right? *grin* I don't think this is an example of King's best work. He was young when he first wrote it and admits as much. He even went back in many years later to make revisions so that it flows better with the books that follow. But even with the obvious flaws, the book presented an interesting world, an enigmatic protagonist, and raised questions that definitely motivate me to read more so that I can get some answers to them.
Jump on at the beginning, but the best is yet to come. I want to say this carefully, because, in the end, "The Gunslinger" is a good book. It's mysterious, moody, and full of memorable imagery. You'll most likely be very glad you read it (especially in this new revised edition, which, interestingly, is tighter and yet breathes more at the same time). But you should be aware that this first volume in Mr. King's epic (and soon to be completed!) dark fantasy series does not quite reach the "must-read" status easily achieved by subsequent volumes in the "Dark Tower" epic. I'm betting, in fact, that many of you out there who read this book will say something positive but ultimately lukewarm at its close, something like this: "Good book, I'll have to pick up the next one one of these days." And that would be a mistake, because you should pick up volume 2 ("The Drawing of the Three") immediately, not "soon" or "someday". The second volume is THAT good, showcasing King's imagination firing on all cylinders, with memorable, amazing scenes happening right out of the box. The plan may have been at least partially intentional... King may have said, "let's give the readers something more reserved and thoughtful at first, and then hit them hard in volume two by stirring in the really amazing and visceral stuff." Anyway, read "The Gunslinger". It's great (I actually give it about three-and-a-half stars). But do yourself a favor and stay on the ride and keep reading the other books, when things really take off. Trust me, you'll be glad you did.
True Imagination It's quite a big deal when one of the most renowned authors of our time is influenced by the greatest artisan of fantasy writing. Stephen King was enamored by Tolkien's Lord of the Rings series of books and thus they became the inspiration that motivated him into creating what he considers his magnum opus: The Dark Tower series. King wanted to write a fantasy journey that he felt was just as epic and large in scope as the Fellowship's quest to destroy the Ring of Power atop Mount Doom. Though at the same time he wanted his tale to reflect his own personal style of writing and identity. With this in mind, King chose to forgo the traditional genre conventions of elves and dwarves in the favor of guns and cowboys while wrapping it up in his unique flair of mysticism. The result is a look and feel that retains King's knack for the unexplainable but still maintains a distinction from his other literary works of horror. It's unlike anything King has written before and frankly, it's unlike anything I've ever seen. The plot is very minimalistic, but I feel that was by design. Roland the Gunslinger is on a mission to defeat The Man in Black, an adversary he's been hunting for years. Though ultimately, The Man in Black is the stepping stone in his mission to find the Dark Tower. The central nexus point of time which has supposedly disrupted its natural flow resulting in the abnormalities seen in the book. While this is minimal when compared to other novels, the core of The Gunslinger is about Roland's journey and the people and places he sees along the way, making it more about the quest itself rather than the destination. Reading this book felt like being set adrift on a boat in the middle of the ocean. You have no bearings or sense of destination; you can only go where the wind takes you, wherever that may be. I liked the sense of freedom this gave the narrative, but if you're looking for a deep plot than you'll be disappointed. This is a book that's meant to let your mind and imagination wonder, not ponder. But what really sets The Gunslinger and the rest of the Dark Tower series apart is that it's an amalgamation of various different genres. By the book's cover it has obvious roots in the western genre, with King even admitting to being heavily inspired by the classic spaghetti western `The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly.' But there's much more than that, such as strong elements of low fantasy with the more fantastical segments taking place in a world that is supposedly like our own, and even some science-fiction from the elements of time travel. There's also a strong sense of mystery that surrounds the book and its characters. Who were the Gunslingers? What's the Dark Tower? And who or what is The Man in Black? Like Roland himself, you just have to press on, and hopefully the answers will be waiting at the end. This union of vastly different genres would have normally made for an incoherent novel that's trying to accomplish more than it can handle, yet King manages to keep it from falling apart in a believable fashion. Reflecting the arcane aspects of the world and his mission, Roland the Gunslinger is a man of mystery. He's the quintessential western folk hero, an enigmatic figure on a righteous path for justice. But as the story progresses and more insight into his past is revealed, the reader slowly begins to unravel more of the mysterious wanderer. Though while he's an excellent lead, he's hardly a character you can form an emotional attachment to. Whereas the young boy from the future, Jake, felt like the heart of the book for me. The companionship between Roland and the boy really brought a smile to my face and the perilous journey to find The Man in Black and the Dark Tower all the more daunting. The villain, The Man in Black, felt more like an entity rather than an actual character in the story. He's given very minimal attention and exposition, but his dark presence is always felt. Longtime King fans will recognize him as Randall Flagg, a character that King has included in many of his different works. Special attention must also be given to Stephen King's incredible prose that he uses to illustrate the book's mystifying flair of wonder. However, for me this came off as a rather double-edged sword. When The Gunslinger is at its best, King is able to transport the reader into a semi dream-like trance, further immersing them into the incredible world King has crafted and suspending their disbelief on the unexplainable events that transpire. The potential downside for me at least, is that some passages felt more like a disorganized mess of thoughts rather than a coherent narrative. Moments like these were frustrating and really pulled me out of the story. In the end, The Gunslinger was a bit of a mixed bag for me. I liked the sense of adventure and mystery King instilled with his unique style and the mashing of several classic genres into something that King can call his own. And while I don't usually prefer shallow plots, I am willing to make an exception with the direction King was taking the book. Yet I felt the narrative sometimes fell flat, and the ending was very unsatisfying. The Gunslinger is definitely worth checking out for its peculiarities, even if I don't absolutely love it, but I certainly do like it enough to see where this journey ends.
Get through it. You'll be happy you did. This is the first in a wonderous series about Roland the Gunslinger. Roland hails from Gilead, an ancient or possibly future civilization where the blood-line of King Arthur Eld is highly regarded as protectors of the world. Unfortunately, by the time we meet up with Roland, the world has moved on. Roland is following the man in black. We don't know who this mysterious figure is until the end of the book, but we do know that he holds the first clues for Roland on the quest for the Dark Tower. What is the Dark Tower? Amazingly enough, a lot of it is explained in this book, though it's hard to grasp the concept until one has read further into the series. The series opens us up to the concept of multiple worlds in multiple universes, all held together with beams, which are breaking and thus, the Tower is being destroyed. The Dark Tower series is also held together by beams. These beams are other King works. Any King fan should read this series because it opens up so many treats for the "constant reader." There are tie-ins everywhere. The Gunslinger is linked to the rest of the books in the series, which are linked to other King books such as Salem's Lot, The Stand, Insomnia, From a Buick 8, and Rose Madder (which is linked to Desperation and Regulators). Wow! All this depth and a great story to boot! As we follow Roland, his quest becomes our quest. Every journey starts with one step. The first step is "The Gunslinger."
Awesome start to what will assuredly be a fantastic series! I would say I've become a pretty big Stephen King fan, and I figured it wouldn't be official until I started the Dark Tower series. So far I've read this and The Drawing of the Three (the second book in the series). I have loved both and look forward to continuing the story. I think this first book was an amazing introduction to the Gunslinger's character, and the world he came from. I'd recommend this story to anyone who is a fan of King, or interested in getting started on a long multi-part journey. It's a LOT of fun. And the story really starts picking up in the second book.
First book best I'm on book three but the first book - Gunslinger - is by far my favorite so far. I did not enjoy the Drawing of 3 at all. Too much real world descriptions. The drug addict was friggin boring. Book 3 The Wastelands is very good so far.
Childe Richard...err....Roland... to the Dark Tower Came I saw a display for The Gunslinger and the other recently re-released Dark Tower novels in a bookstore recently, and decided to buy the first volume. I guess I'm a sucker for advertising, but I judged a book by its cover and thought it looked cool, and I had nothing else to read. I expected at least an adventure story, with plenty of six-shooter action that would keep my mind occupied for a while. I got that and a lot more out of The Gunslinger. I quickly saw that Stephen King was creating around me an entirely new world with a culture and mythology of the kind that I'm used to seeing in Tolkien and Herbert. King even draws some of his inspiration from a Robert Browning poem, "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came", which I thought was pretty cool. I found The Gunslinger to be a fun, yet deep, read, and flew right through it. If you're even remotely curious about what The Gunslinger is, you should definitely check it out. If you normally don't read Stephen King novels for some reason, rest assured--this is pretty much unlike any other story of his I've seen. Any fans of fantasy should check this out too, although if you're not into fantasy (like me) you won't find any unicorns or leprechauns to laugh at, so don't be afraid. This is a book for anyone--go ahead and buy it, or just borrow it from a friend. You'll thank him.
The beginning of an interesting adventure. This books begins the adventure of the hero named Roland who seeks the Dark Tower. It is a good set up for the rest of the books in this series. On to book two so see what further adventures lie ahead for Roland as he continues his quest!
Soul searching alternate fantasy The plot is compelling and original. This is not your standard Stephen King book, because it straddle the fantasy genre with an original flair. At moments, it is quasi-psychedelic, and one cannot but wonder if there are some real life experiences embedded in the narrative. I have started to read this book out of curiosity, I'm now nearing the end of the second book, and so far I think I will go on. If you like the fantast theme interlaced with relics of our standard technlogy, you will appreciate it. But be also prepared to delve in the rambling minds of characters that we would normally consider borderline in our culture.
Thankee, Sai! The entire Dark Tower series of books are my favorite Stephen King works. I've read them all (several times, I might add) and can not put them down. When I first read The Gunslinger, I was so impressed with the difference of this story from all other King books I have read. I only recently read The Stand and I see that this has some similarities but it was a new style to me at the time. These books are not the typical Stephen King horror stories that so many people expect. This, along with all of the others in the series, deals with the epic tale of Roland, the last of the gunslingers. Roland lives in a world where time has moved on and is on a journey to the Dark Tower in order to attempt to stop the end of time. Each book takes you a little farther on his journey and opens Roland's character to you even more. This epic tale is a wonderful read and should be included in everyone's library. I have tried to get my friends who are not King fans to read these but have been unsuccessful. They all expect some gory tale (I love those too) and sadly will not give the books a try. As for me, I want to thank you, Mr. King for taking me to another world and introducing me to Roland and company. I have never found any other books that I feel so drawn to.
A little boring. I like King A little boring. I like King,and this is supposed to the revised start of his magnum opus. Based on a 19th century poem. The poem is cryptic and bleak, and so is this volume. I don't have much interest in reading thenext12 or 14 books.
Review- The Gunslinger This book is a great read. I have never read any of the series before picking this one up. After reading The Gunslinger, I went and got the entire Dark Tower series and wound up loving them all. This book is a great introduction to the series, it starts with Roland chasing after a mysterious man in black. As he travels through towns, across barren deserts and through bleak caves he encounters demons, goblins, and religious fanatics each section leaving you begging for more and more. The real kicker in this book comes at the end, just when you think it will end a certain way, your mind gets screwed with and you have to read the next novel to find out what happens. The ending to this book is great! The book is a combination of fantasy, sci fi, horror and western generes and masterfully blends them all into one brilliantly constructed, bleak, horrific version of our own world. This book is filled with emotion, action, violence and is a fast paced thriller that will inspire you to finish the entire series ASAP. Definately pick this book up, you will love it and you will read through it in a minute! Not only is this book great, but ever book in the Dark Tower Series is brilliantly written and does not let your attention stray for a second. Buy It!!
An entrance to an epic The Gunslinger is a very important book, it is the entrance to the grand epic of a long classic-to-be. In terms of writing style, the flow of the story, etc, Gunslinger is quite inconsistent with its sequels. Partly because they are several stories published in various magazines, partly because they were written before Mr. King was a more veteran author (that doesn't mean the stories are bad, they are just 'different' in style from the rest). To me, the rest of the volumes (i.e. from the Drawing of Three onwards) are much better in terms of creativity, imagination, surprise, intense moment, etc.... which makes this volume one a little bit like a prelude. However, one cannot simply miss this entry, or without reading it before reading other volumes. First, it gives some important events and history of Roland, the Gunslinger. Also as a 'constant reader' of Mr. King, you can compare his writing skills and styles during these years. Finally, as Mr. King himself ambitiously says he wants to write a longest epic story in American history. Whether it can be as popular as Lord of the Ring, we need time to prove it. But definitely, he is successful in producing an interesting and absorbing story, and obviously the longest one in our history.
Mine's greatest work I have always liked Stephen King's novels, though not all of them. Occasionally by subject one doesn't appeal to me but most are great and many become favorites. The Dark Tower series is one enormous book in multiple volumes. It took him a long time to finish and went some surprising directions. This is the best he's ever done, that simple. Buy them all, you won't want to put this down.
Great as Always! I love Stephen King, always have. This series was recommended by a friend back in the early 2000's and I am very happy to be getting into it now. The plot is great (as usual with Mr. King). I recommend this for all avid King readers!!!!! (Who have probably already read it.) :)
The man in black fled across the desert, and you should follow. As a fellow author, I can certainly appreciate the history behind the Gunslinger, a manuscript that sat in a box in Mr. King's garage for many years before he decided to pick it up, re-write it, and continue the story of Roland, the last gunslinger. I first found this book as a teenager who, although not a Stephen King fan, was desperate for epic storytelling and there were already three books in the series. (Little did I know that I would be waiting over a decade for the series to be concluded.) Having read quite a bit more of Mr. King's works over the years, I can say that the writing style is very reflective of his earlier horror entries, but the epic-western-fantasy is a fair departure from the the genres in which Mr. King normally worked. The Gunslinger works nicely in that way whether you like King, or like epic storytelling, you will probably enjoy the book. The Gunslinger is quite a bit shorter than the other entries in the Dark Tower series and serves as a good introduction. The only negative thing to say about this book is that it's not as good as its successors- The Drawing of the Three or the Wastelands.
Just Not My Thing I consider myself a pretty loyal Stephen King horror book fan. I ate up everything he put out in the early part of his career, except for this series. Something about the premise kept me away. But after hearing everyone rave about it, I had to at least give it a try. Epic doesn't even begin to describe this story. Everything about this book screams that King is trying to create a masterpiece that rivals other fantasy epics like The Lord of the Rings. King uses a lot of metaphors (sometimes way too many), a lot of philosophical discussion about the universe, time, space, and our position within all of it, and a lot of dreamy (and unimaginable) imagery. All of this is to paint a picture of another world/dimension/universe where time has been altered and things have gone wrong. The only person who wants to do something to fix it is the protagonist, Roland, aka the Gunslinger, who has been trained to kill and is armed with his special guns. The story opens with Roland in the middle of his journey to fix all that is wrong in the universe, or perhaps its just to avenge all that has been done, we're never sure. What we do know is that he's chasing after The Man in Black, who has played some significant part in why things are so messed up in his world. Roland wants to kill The Man in Black (with his guns, of course!), but before he does, he wants The Man to give him information about The Tower. What is the Tower? Well, according to The Man in Black, The Tower has something to do with the universe, time, and a higher power. I didn't quite get what it was all about, and I don't think Roland or the reader is supposed to either, not until the very end of this saga (and several books later). It's an interesting premise, the problem is, I don't quite understand or believe it enough to invest any more time in it. Unlike King's previous efforts, I never immersed myself completely in the story to the point where I forgot I was reading a novel. You can feel King's ambition and desire to create an epic, unworldly story that somehow delivers a statement about the universe we live in. It's not quite pretentious, but almost. There were parts of the story that really grabbed me. King is a master at tapping into basic human fear and shaking you up, but unfortunately in this novel, the scares run few and far between. Also, Roland's character development was too slow to keep me interested. I never really "got" him or his struggle and as a result, I don't care if he finds The Tower, because I don't really care about him and The Tower sounds too abstract and unbelievable anyway. So sadly, this is where my journey with Roland ends.
Bored At least, having only managed about 60% of this book I don't have to read the rest of the (6?) of the series. Just read 11.22.63 by Mr King and it was FANTASTIC! This however ...bleh ... Don't get it....sorry. Maybe it's me?
Starting over at the beginning. Read in hard back years ago and when the final novel in the series was published I wanted to start over at the beginning and read the whole story again from beginning to end without a 20+ year gap between books.Really enjoyed finally being able to read this way. Highly recommend fans doing the same as this is Stephen King at his finest.
The beginning - kind of hard to grade... "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." Well, what can we actually guess about this kind of strange beginning?! Neither do we know who is the gunslinger, nor who's the man in black. And what's the gunslinger's point to follow the man in black?!?! If ones goes on, one will learn at least that a Tower is the reason for the weird chase through the world apart from ours here. The gunslinger was once sent out to reach the tower and so to save his world from dying out. For this task nothing can stop him, and he doesn't care about anyone or anything if he can just reach the tower... I think one can see this part of the serie as an interlude to the GREATEST book series I ever came to read, maybe even the world's greatest generally, we'll see. Well, I refused one star because for some people I know it became so hard to follow the story that they gave up reading at about the halfth of the book, and I can kind of understand their feelings because on some points the story's really kind of weird and hard to follow, BUT DON'T STOP; JUST CONTINUE WITH THE NEXT PART!!!!!
Reflections... After the World Has Moved On... As any Constant Reader of the King Experience knows, it takes some time and inner searching to glean what the man is saying. Some novels are pure pulp; some are psycholgical explorations; others, pure science fiction. In the Dark Tower series, I have felt an attempt at alienation - non specific, that is to say not aimed at any type of reader or fan(atic)- but something to say to those who believe in Vampires or sentient rabid dogs, spaceships buried beneath the soil of Maine, Insane trucks, laundry machines or malevolent lawnmowers - those who would judge the work THE GUNSLINGER simply because of the first few pages. "I don't want to read a horror Zane Grey novel! " they shout. I don't either, and I didnt. What I read was a book full of the joy and terror of a man exploring a new type of storytelling. A beginning to inflame the thirst of New and old Constant Readers. Magnificent imagery, convoluted turns of reality. Just enough to cling to the promise of the next installment of The Dark Tower. Excellent work. Superior continuity... unbearable "waiting for the next thing".
This is the first book in a great series. The dark tower is a long and ... This is the first book in a great series. The dark tower is a long and dark tale about the last gunfighter is a post-apocalyptic. This book follows Roland through the desert as he chases his adversary. Roland experiences pain, love, starvation, fear, death, and loneliness in this short book. I highly recommend this book for anyone who is into the dark themed books, the Dark Tower series is as dark as it gets.
I don't see the hype Maybe I lack patience. The story unraveled too slow, coupled with a monosyllabic slow drawl dialogue that gave me a headache. There's little that makes you root for the gunslinger. I read the Wiki notes on the first four books, and it sounds so bizarre I think I'm glad I put it down 35% of the way through.
Fine Entry into Roland's World(s) I'm a huge fan of Stephen King, and have re-visited his novels quite often. With that said, I'm not a huge fan of his "Dark Tower" series. I think there are shining moments in the series, and I really liked the premise. I think Roland is a fascinating character, but he gets saddled with some of King's worst character creations, and put into almost absurd situations which relegate him to an almost secondary character in his own epic? I will say that off all of King's works, I've revisited this series more often than any single novel he's written, and there are a couple reasons for that. First, I was an early reader of this series, reading "The Gunslinger" when "The Drawing of the Three" was first published, and then re-reading each novel in the series as new novels were released. Overall I would guess that I've read this first novel about 7-8 times, both the original printing and the revised edition. Second, and more important where this review is concerned, I love this first novel, and rank it as one of my favorite King novels. As the novel opens we meet Roland, the last Gunslinger, as he chases The Man in Black across the desert. Roland is on a quest to find the "Dark Tower" and believe The Man in Black is his key to finding the Tower. As Roland is making his way across the desert plains, we learn of his visit to the small, dying town of Tull, and the people he met there and the ultimate fate of that town. Roland also meets a young boy named Jake that he believes The Man in Black set in his path deliberately as a trap. Jake has no clue how he came to Roland's world, and we learn that he came from modern day New York City. Roland tells Jake about his history and his world, we learn why he is chasing the Man in Black and about his quest for the Tower. "The Gunslinger" is a quick intro in the The Dark Tower saga, but it sets the stage for a much bigger story (as we'll learn with the several novels that follow), "The Gunslinger" isn't really a complete story, and if you do pick up this novel, be prepared to start on the long journey to the Dark Tower with Roland and company, as you'll want to hear more of the story and see where it goes.
Great Read The Gunslinger book, the first of The Dark Tower books, is an amazing read. The book is very different from the horror classics that Stephen King is known for. If you are wanting a capturing page-turner, you should begin The Dark Tower series. The Gunslinger is among the best of the series.
A fantastic start to an incredible series Though partially inspired by Robert Browning's poem, "Childe Roland"--, and the fact that the story has been alive for 20+yrs in the author's mind is a testament of the power that the story held over the author. There has always been a feeling that "The Gunslinger," at under 300 pages, is just right to introduce us to the world of The Dark Tower and Roland as the last Gunslinger. He is a likeable, realistic character who shares a wide range of feelings and reflections that will make you wonder if you should love and hate him. The Gunslinger is an easy to read and just hints at the history, tragedies and issues of Roland's life. His search through the barren wasteland in search of the elusive Man in Black shows through flashbacks a small inkling of the real complexity of the series to come. The incredible realism of the characters in this strange world is fascinating. The book is a true joy for all fans of magic, horror, quest and westerns. Roland appears to be a complex mix of individuals including man in Clint Eastwood's "Man With No Name" type westerns. It's difficult to find a fantasy that can really make you sit back and think. This series has great characters, a fairly fast paced story, one of the most original worlds since Tolkien and of course is beautifully put together by Stephen King. He creates a universe, that slowly but surely was connected to most of his other books. It is amazing how all the bits and pieces of the other books fit into the Dark Tower series and you think `Yeah that's how it should fit together.' This whole series of books rank among my favourites and now that they are on my Kindle I have reread them again for about the 10th time. I'm sure if you read the 1st book The Gunslinger you will be hooked... whether you are a Stephen King fan or not.
The books leading up to the last book were very good but the last book was anti-climatic starting reading this in 1987. It took King over 30 years to complete the series. The books leading up to the last book were very good but the last book was anti-climatic. He got pissed off because his readers were wondering when in the hell he was going to finish the series so he wrote a scathing response to the readers as in go f yourselves. What an arrogant a hole.
Great book from a great author Stephen King is an amazing writer that never lets a book get boring. His structure is incredible and his characters are fascinating. This book is not different. The end was not quite what I was expecting, but it certainly made me want to read the rest of the series.
A little abstract I've heard so many glowing recommendations of this series that I finally had to read it myself. Mostly I'm vaguely disappointed. It was harsh, bizarre, and abstract. It failed to capture my imagination or thrill me. I'm glad I'm done with it.
Excellent introduction into a different world The Gunslinger: The Dark Tower, Book 1 is an excellent book that plunges the reader into a whole new world. The novel tells the story of Roland of Gilead, the last gunslinger, who is chasing after the mysterious man in black. In his search, Roland comes upon several great characters that help him in his search. The book is confusing at times, leaving many questions unanswered that will be dealt with in the later novel of the series. Even with these questions, it is still a great read leaving the reader wanting more and more to find the answers to these questions. One of the best parts of the story was the conversation between Roland and the man in black as they discuss the origins of man. This is a great story full of excellent characters and beautiful settings that won't allow you to put the book down. For a fantastic introduction to the series, check out The Gunslinger: The Dark Tower, Book 1.
What an incredible beginning! "The Gunslinger" is a very nice suprise compared to the beginning's of a great many series out there, though this Revised edition is not what was originally published back in 1982. It follows the story of Roland Deschain, a gunslinger and knight-errant, and his pursuit of Walter O' Dim (The Man In Black), who is supposed to to guide Roland to the object of his quest, the Dark Tower of existance. Quit stylized and nicely languaged, a large part of The Gunslinger is told in a series of flashbacks of his early years growing up in Gilead, as Roland moves across the desert and later under the mountains with a boy from 1970's New York named Jake. If you want a well paced, intriguing, and cool new series to pick up, The Gunslinger is the way to go for anyone starting on The Dark Tower series. NOTE: The Gunslinger's ending is very very well done!
Well-written, seductive intro to the series This is the first installment of THE DARK TOWER series, begun when King was a student, and finished 12 years later. Until recently, I hadn't realized King was a fantasy author, in addition to his other accomplishments. I was a kid who grew up reading THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA and THE LORD OF THE RINGS, and spending hours searching attics & basements for a gateway to another world. So I decided I might like The Dark Tower. After reading customer reviews, and A Dark Tower Primer, A List By Elena, I expected this book to be inaccessible. I thought it would take time and background reading for me to get into it, and that perhaps I never would. Nothing could be further from the truth. I was hooked before I had finished reading the first page. Why? The first 16 pages describe a lone figure crossing an absolutely barren landscape in pursuit of another lone figure. What made those 16 pages so compelling? Mostly, it's the descriptions. King describes the desert so you can see it, hear it, even smell it. As the narrative continues and the lone figure begins to interact with other characters, a vivid individual is revealed - so gradually, so slowly - behind the archetypal "gunslinger". I didn't find the book as puzzling as I expected from the customer reviews. It seemed clear to me it was taking place in some sort of post-apocalyptic future which exists in a parallel universe or dimension to our own. It's not true that it answers none of its own questions, it just doesn't answer all of them, as befits the first chapter of a series. My only criticism is that the prose falters at a few points. Surprisingly, not in the part of the book written when King was very young (the beginning) but later, when he was already an experienced published author. I'm only referring to a few phrases where my absorption in the book was broken by a thought such as "eew, why did he choose those words?" The only example I can find or think of is a phrase such as "the boy threw up his hands" (he did? How had he managed to swallow his own hands?) I only mention it because normally this never happens when I am reading a King novel. In this book, there are long scenes in which nothing very much happens, or only dialogue and description, punctuated by 2 scenes of extreme violence. Usually people who like "action" and people who like dialogue and description can never agree on a book. Usually people who like reading violent scenes don't like long descriptive passages, and people who do like them can't bear reading about violence. But this is not your usual book. If you like fantasy, or if you like King but have never read his fantasy work, definitely check it out. Dark Tower fans need no recommendation, of course. If you like descriptive narrative prose, you probably look down on King, but overcome your prejudice long enough to take a look at this book.
A Genre Surprise A twisting turning plot that held my interest. I really wanted to know what was to happen next. This is the first book of Stephen King's Dark Tower series and I read it with relish. I had not known that King had written in this genre. My wife's book club had it for a read for one of their meetings. She recommend it to me and I was surprise that King had written and that it was so good (for me).
Epic begining So for years I have heard about this series and wondered if it was really as good as everyone has said. After a brief pause from reading, I finally got the reading bug again and decided I had to give it a try. At first I started reading this knowing full well it was all lead in and it might be slow, but in one sitting I had already finished 100 pages. Still I was unsure if I liked it but as days went by I found that I couldn't stop thinking about this book. I had to know what was going to happen next and I had so many questions that it drew me in every time I picked it up. Stephen King did such a great job with this first book, that even though it is setting the stage for what is yet to come, and it posses more questions than it answers. I was so entertained with each new section that I can't wait to get the second to continue with Roland on his quest for the Dark Tower.
A Whole New World I love when Stephen King delves into fantasy more than horror and The Gunslinger is a great example of that. Obviously, there are elements of horror but my favorite part of this story is the way King creates a new world that I wanted to dwell in for years despite the things that lurk around every corner.
Roland is the Coolest Gun in Everwhere This revised version of the Gunslinger makes for easier reading. I really flew threw this one enjoying every obstacle along the way. Roland is definitely a Clint Eastwood type. I wouldn't want to be his road buddy though and if you read this book you'll find out why. The Crimson King spans his power out everywher, and Roland is on a quest to stop it.The Dark Tower is where he can make everything right again. Time is unbalanced and just plain weird. Roland doesn't have all the answers but he will find out. The Man in Black is another quest for Roland. Roland is willing to give everything up to seek the Man in Black; he is willing to give even more up to get to the Dark Tower. Read this series it is worth devoting your life to. Besides Stephen King is finished with the series. Let Roland and his ka-tet take you beyond your own world.
The End of the Beginning The Dark Tower isn't a typical Steven King read. It's more The Stand-esque in that it isn't much of a horror book. It incorporates minimal horror elements (I'm sure King couldn't help it), but plays out like an adventure or even a fantasy novel. It's an enticing read that makes you hunger for more of what King has to offer with the series. Unlike a lot of King's other works, this one isn't really dense and somewhat hard to put down once you start reading. The opening of the book is slow, but it really picks up around the middle of the first part. Also, the illustrations are very aesthetically pleasing. My only complaints with this book are the afforementioned slow opening and the somewhat overuse of foreshadowing. But other than those 2 flaws, the book is a solid read and makes you want to read the other 6 books.
Sometimes slow, always weird and worth it. Great story, I was sold on the series after finishing Book 1. Sometimes it was slow going and sometimes it got really weird but the world was so rich and the characters so well crafted. This is one of my favorite series.
King's greatest work As with most King novels you don't want the book to end. The Gunslinger series especially keeps you engrossed through all seven books. Part sci-fi, part odyssey, part spaghetti western makes this series King's best work! I read all 7 books over the course of one summer!!
Short and Sweet An all-around excellent book. A tad off the beaten track, even compared to the rest of this great series, partially due to the time gap between books 1 and 2. The writing style is intriguing, however, and the plot moves along at a brisk clip. You'll finish this book in no time and be ravenous for book 2, which I believe is the best of the series. The book is well described as a cross between Lord of the Rings and an old Clint Eastwood western. It makes quite an interesting blend: a world with both magic and guns in it, something that's relatively rare in a fantasy world. Definetly a must read for either King fans or fantasy fans. Honestly I had never read one of King's books before this, but this one certainly hit the mark. Highly recommended.
The first step... the man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed... I first read this when I was 12. I have read the entire series annually ever since. By far the best thing that King has ever written. This is the first volume in a sprawling saga that pulls the reader in with the very first sentence and doesn't let go. If you only read one book by Stephen King make it this one.
Pick it up, you won't regret it! I am not someone that reads Stephen King books. Other than reading The Green Mile when I was much younger, I have actually actively steered clear of them. Then I started dating this guy that swore by how amazing the Dark Tower series was. I had never heard of it, and just shrugged off his recommendation. But, for my birthday, he ended up giving me The Gunslinger, and then proceeded to pester me to read it. I am SO glad he pestered me!! There were moments that I was thinking, "What the heck is going on?!?", but in a really great way! I just finished book 5 of the Series (Wolves of the Calla), and my mind is truly blown. This is such an amazing twist of genres, you can't even really explain it. It is some combination of western, sci-fi, fantasy, and who knows what else. All these are genres that I don't actively seek out to read. But, it magically works in this series. And The Gunslinger is where it all begins. Do yourself a favor and pick this one up! My only complaint (and this is not against THIS book), is that you cannot find all 7 books from the same publisher/printing. Your first 4 books will look one way - and I do recommend the non-mass market paperwork version of this revised edition. It has a great size and feel for a book of this length, plus the added pictures. Then, the last 3 of the series will look a different way; and they don't have the same size or feel of the first 4. Not a huge deal, but something to be aware of when you're purchasing the physical books instead of the Kindle edition.
"The Gunslinger" Review by Robbie Messer "The Gunslinger" is different from Stephen King. Pretty much the entire "Dark Tower" series is. This first volume in the 8 book series, if that is, you include "The Wind Through The Keyhole" is argued as the worst in the series, because it's a slow start to King's "magnum opus" and that it is hard to get through. I, being prepared for it (and also for the Dark Tower), got ready. The main plot of "The Gunslinger" is Roland Deschain, the last gunslinger, chasing the man in black across a different world which was originally like our Earth, except for some differences. Now, it's like a post-apocalyptic world, deserted. The first line of the story ("The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.") pulls you into the story immediately. There is something about it that line that is so intriguing. Okay. After the first section of the first chapter is a flashback. Basically, the whole story is a flashback; so I highly recommend reading it slow to understand what's going on or else you will be confused. Roland is not a good man, in this case. He is vicious, cruel, and doesn't care about anyone but himself. That may be why some readers were put down. Throughout the story, you will read how he became the gunslinger that he is, and I won't spoil it. There is a young boy named Jake Chambers, who Roland runs into along the way. While there isn't much character development in "The Gunslinger", it didn't really bother me. I was too anxious to find out what's next. There are cons. First off, some of the text were unnecessary, complicated, and kinda put me off. It felt forced (it took 12 years for King to write this, and you could tell by the writing sometimes), and could have been reduced. King uses hard words a little too much. The High Speech is fine, but the words in the detail stopped me occasionally. Sometimes, the flashbacks when Roland was younger came up more often than they should though they were interesting to read. I liked "The Gunslinger" but because of the problems, I gave it four stars. I understood what was going on most of the time. The setting is awesome, and the characters were good enough. I can't wait to continue Roland's journey in "The Drawing of the Three" and hopefully more! RATING: 80/100
Stellar! I seldom give 5 star reviews, but this is my 6th time reading this series. I think this is without doubt his best work; in this series King's use of language, description and, above all his intensely flawed, intensely human characters are at their finest!
Great Start to the Dark Tower series Displaying elements of modern culture intermingled with a story which is part Fantasy, part Science Fiction, part Horror, and overall Western is a weird feat only achievable by Stephen King. He manages to put together the most unlikely of stories with a good mix of horror, humor, action, and a high gross-out factor in parts. This is the story of Roland, the last of the gunslingers as he pursues the mysterious Man in Black across the desert and over the mountains, striving to reach his ultimate goal, the Dark Tower. Why? I have no idea. What he plans to do with at tower when he arrives is a topic to be discussed in future volumes. In the meantime, enjoy the action as Roland encounters a talking bird, drops acid, is designated the Antichrist, discloses the secrets of his past, and encounters a succubus (but not necessarily in that order). This unabridged audio version was read by the author. I had previously mentioned that Stephen King is a better writer than reader in my review of "Blood and Smoke", but my opinion of him moved up a notch here. His reading here was still not the best I've heard (Frank Muller is a master here), but better than some professional readers. This story ends on an open note which piqued my interest in following Roland to the second in the Dark Tower series, "The Drawing of the Three".
The World has moved on As long as this series is(8 books), it is definitely worth the time. This was the shortest of them and one of the best. King makes you want to read all of these as quickly as possible. When I read this the first time I had to wait for the next book to come out, now as I start again I can binge read until I'm done.
Good book! I've been thinking about reading this book for years. After 3 different false starts I finally finished it and am glad I did. It feels very different from other King novels but it is well written and engaging. The world of the story is intriguing and I am excited to begin book 2.
Not much here. It's not Kings best, very different from any of his books I've ever read. Has a few good moments in it, but prepare to be a little discombobulated at times . I'm trying this series more out of curiosity than want. In his foreword King mentioned the series starts slow, I realize he was still early in his career when he wrote this, so I hope the next book has a little more early 90's King flair to the writing.
Just as good if not better the 2nd time around The first time I started this series was almost 30 years ago. I loved everything Stephen King wrote and still do. I was 16 the first time I held the first Dark Tower book in my hand and devoured it in less than a week. It was several years before the Drawing of The Three was released. I remember how hard it was to wait in agony to find out where Roland's quest would lead him next! I love this series because it is so different from Sai King's usual story, and because he writes so well that you can watch everything unfold like a movie in your mind. I love finding references to other characters from different books interwoven in each other. I definitely recommend this series to anyone who enjoys fantasy with a bit of darkness woven in for good measure. Long days and pleasant nights to ya!
up front it's making reading this book a chore instead of a delight. This story does not flow well. The reader is presumed to understand things which have not been explained yet, or it was done on purpose to create a moment towards the end of this book or book series that will let a reader look back with understanding. But, up front it's making reading this book a chore instead of a delight.
Really bad I bought this book because I had seen so many reviews that said if you just power through this one, the second is much better. I was looking for a new series to get into so I decided why not. I generally like Stephen King, and I'm a huge fan of fantasy books. Unfortunately, "power through" is an understatement for what it takes to get through this book. Honestly, even Mr. King himself writes that this book is tough to get through. Knowing that, this volume in the series should have been free. The story dumps you in on Roland, the gunslinger and from there seems to go every which way but straight. There are so many vague sections here that at times, I honestly felt like I was reading something written by someone deranged with a fever. Nothing makes sense and at times, that can become very frustrating with this book. I did manage to plow through this and then purchased the second book of the series. While better than the first, I seriously recommend you save your money. I finished the second book with no desire to continue the story. If you are determined to read the series, then have at it. Nothing I could say would change your mind but if you are on the fence, give this one a hard pass.
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST The greatest series ever. So intricate and well written, and not horror. Readers of all ages and beliefs can enjoy the Gunslinger and the other six books. And the one-liners and humor is hilarious. Stephen King in king in this series.
All The Enjoyment of a Snakebite Well, I girded my loins, bit the bullet and spent money I figured would be a waste on the first book of the Dark Tower. I am sure King is a good author (theoretically) but unfortunately this book did not display that. It was bad enough that I did something I have NEVER done before, I read spoilers for the final books ending just to see if maybe the series got any better. No spoilers, suffice it to say this the first and LAST Dark Tower book I shall subject myself to.
I am part way through the third book in the series and it is as wonderful as the first As with all Stephen King's work I found the theme and story line intriguing right from the very first page. The way he moves his characters from one time period to another without the reader noticing big gaps in the story, and the magical way he reviews the past with the present in terms of the story brings the brilliance of his skill to the fore. His characters are so real, the reader is never out of contact with the caste and is totally involved in all that they do and say. I am part way through the third book in the series and it is as wonderful as the first. The settings are well described and readable, the theme and character changes subtle and believable. His gift places him at the forefront of his craft.
An excellent beginning to one of the most unique fantasy/sci-fi/westerns of all time I don't feel as if any review I would write could do justice to the uniqueness of this novel or improve on any previous reviews by other Dark Tower fans. King's foreword in The Gunslinger really prepares the reader the best for what's in store. Inspired by The Lord of the Rings, Clint Eastwood and spaghetti westerns, and the poem: Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came, a master of horror wrote an epic, time-warped by refer and his wildest imaginings, that became The Dark Tower series. There is nothing quite like The Gunslinger. I have yet to recommend this book to anyone who regretted reading it.
Hoping.... it gets clearer. I have read reviews that say the second book and onward gets better and better and that is what I'm hoping for. This one has great promise and holds your interest, but a lot of it is cryptic and convoluted. I assume more of the background will be clarified and, if so, would certainly make for a more enjoyable read. I'm sticking with it and plan to read the entire series.
as it has been recommend to me for over a decade now Looking forward to the rest of the series, as it has been recommend to me for over a decade now. The first installment has its issues (as King himself says), but was enjoyable nonetheless. However, I am hoping for more in the following books. For, if they do keep pace with book one, I will probably bail.
Surreal amalgalm of familiar and unfamiliar This novel is intended to introduce readers to the world of Stephen King's Dark Tower series. It takes place in a 'world that's moved on' (e.g. it once had automobiles and other machines, but know resembles some bizarre amalgalm of the Wild West and a fantasy setting. The protagonist, Roland of Gilead, grew up in a place that reminded me more of something from King Arthur's court, what with the hieararchy and training of youth. The book centers on Roland of Gilead completing his lengthy journey to find the man in black, who has knowledge of Roland's fate and how Roland can get to the Dark Tower. There are several flashbacks to tell about Roland's childhood and his stay in a desert town. This book is a unique combination of fantasy and horror. It works to combine the familiar with the unfamiliar in a way that makes it seem almost surreal. In that sense, it at times feels like more of a fantasy than a fantasy story with dragons and dwarves. My personal favorite part of this novel is the man in black's monologue at the very end. I won't spoil anything, but I will say that the way he built up to speak of the most terrifying thing out there is really believable. It's pretty freaky. There aren't any allusions to other works by Stephen King in this book, as those come later on in the series.
One of my favorites This is one of my favorite books ever, it's a great Stephen king novel and the first of his eight book dark tower series. If you are considering reading this series do yourself a favor and do it immediately. You grow to love the characters throughout the series. This is the shortest of the series and serves as an introduction.
Middle Earth Meets Sergio Leone I don't know what took me so long to start this series. Perhaps in my mind I was thinking Western novel. Knowing very little about it I found it strange, hypnotic, similar, and yet nothing like any other Stephen King book. The novel introduces Roland, a gunslinger chasing the man in black, in a world like ours, but not our world. The book has a new introduction by King where he explains the origins of the novel as well as why he revised the book.For newcomers, it's the beginning of a planned seven book odyssey. Looking forward to reading book 2.
A few flaws and a weak part mar a fantastic book. While the first story in Stephen King's Dark Tower series wasn't his best work, it was a still a good book. Roland, the last and perhaps deadliest Gunslinger of any world, is in pursuit of the Man in Black. While in pursuit of the Man in Black, several traps are placed. There is an epic gunfight in a small town, a large desert to be crossed, mountains to be scaled, and mutants to be fought. Along the way, Roland meets Jake (who is a child from Earth). Jake acompanies Roland for most of the journey and plays a key role in the book. King's book is rich in plot and character developement, but there are slow parts and other times where you think he get's a tad bit over-descriptive. The Slow Mutants could have been much more involving and interesting, but really wasn't suspensful or interesting. Over all, this is a good book that I would suggest to fans of his work and people interested in mythical adventures, but horror and terror fans should look elsewhere.
Amazing... ...is really the only word to describe the first book in the Dark tower series. we are introduced to our protagonist Roland, of the moved-on Gilead, and while he is one of the most unlikeable people, love him just the same. This story may be one of King's shortest(231, in the expanded edition), but it is easily one of his best(possibly for that reason). We travel with Roland through the desert after the man in black. we first meet John "Jake" Chambers in this book. Its is just an extremely well-written, fast-paced western novel with some horror thrown in to keep it more "King-like". If you like King at all you should have read this years ago, if not pick it up now. for those of you, who never have, this is definately a good one to start with. If you don't like it(other than me then thinking your choice in authors is poor), it is short enough you will not feel ripped off, and it is a great stand-alone book. Otherwise continue onward to finish the journey to the Dark Tower, it is a bumpy, and amazing ride.
The beginning of the road The Gunslinger is the first book of seven in the Dark Tower series. It is the beginning of a long & windy road that takes Roland Deschain (the gunslinger) on a wild journey in search for the Dark Tower--a portal and center of many worlds. Stephen King's wild mind brings the reader through all of the emotions by making all the characters come to life; you feel as though you're with them. And of course, as Stephen King likes to do, there is a twisty ending to the entire series that leaves the reader in shock and disbelief. I highly recommend reading the whole Dark Tower series but be warned, after reading The Gunslinger, there are approximately 3600 pages to go but well worth the time!
Interesting World This first book in The Dark Tower series starts out at a slow pace, but as always Stephen King's descriptions quickly birth a new world in my mind. "The Gunslinger" also known as Roland is on a quest, the story begins with him chasing after "The Man in Black" also known as Walter o 'Dim. This first in a series leads you and gives you a dim idea of what is to come, but doesn't reveal to much...still it does make me want to read the next book, to find out what this world is about. It leaves me with questions such as What is this world? Is it another version of earth? Is it afterlife? All good questions that I look forward to finding answers to in the next few books. Overall I can't give it a five start simply because I found it slightly confusing, but still a great book.
An early masterpiece from the King.. "The Gunslinger" is hard to categorize. Quickly paced action scenes mingled with clearly realized visions of a bleak, post-apocalyptic world that may or may not be Earth are woven together into a finely detailed tapestry of a story, one that is surprisingly short from an author who is not known for his brevity. The prose stands out when compared to his later works as nearly hypnotic, a sweeping and epic dream that stands the test of time with ease. Highly recommended, even if you typically don't like horror.
Better the second time I read the Dark tower books several years ago upon the recommendation of a friend. I wasn't that much into Stephen King. I found this first book confusing but later on I got an inkling what the author was doing. This time I found the characters and settings have a mythical tone. I got that Gunslinger is like Ulysses, a hero who redeems his world.
I am still trying to decide. I love Stephen King books but I don't know if I really liked this one or if it was just OK. King is such a great writer that he keeps the reader busy. Maybe I just didn't care for the plot but then again maybe I did. I know there are several books in the series but right now I don't have the desire to read them - but not saying I won't. Indecision!
Unique and interesting, and I will check out book II of the series I didn't really know what to expect when I started reading "The Gunslinger: The Dark Tower I" by Stephen King. "The Stand" is still one of my favorite novels, and I recently enjoyed "Under The Dome." However, I didn't get into this novel as much as those two. It was creative, and King is a genius and master storyteller. But it just didn't click with me the way I anticipated it to when I began. I don't really read much horror, and that is why I've only read two of King's novels. And this book is not horror, but more of a fantasy quest story. The pacing of this tale was very different and that may be why I wasn't drawn in as fully as I thought I'd be when I started, as the other couple of King novels did suck me in and keep me captivated until the very end. On the other hand, there were parts of this story that held me spellbound, wanting to know what would come next. The odd assortment of characters, along with this quest to find the dark tower, does make me want to continue the books in this Dark Tower series to see where it takes the gunslinger and to find out what happens to him along the way. I enjoy his internal struggle, the good vs. evil element, and wondering just where things will go next. While I can't rave about this book as I do "The Stand," it is definitely a unique and interesting read, and one that makes me want to read the next in the series. Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author ofLost Conscience: A Ben Baker Sniper Noveland others.
Rereading before the film And another re-read This is my third time to read The Gunslinger but the first time to read this newer edition. My responses over the course of the three reads have gone from: Hmm, to Meh, and then meh. Its really just a small prologue more than anything. The Drawing of the Three gets into everything in much more detail, and is a better book, but a vastly more complicated one as well. From a simplicity standpoint, I actually think the Gunslinger is an effective way to create a new myth that wasnt really sustained in Drawing. But with the movie coming out, the wife and I are going to attempt to get through the whole Dark Tower, so the journey begins again. The Gunslinger reads like a handful of entwined short stories more than a novel, and that lends it a sort of dream quest quality, which I quite liked. Id like to see the later books return to this style. I also appreciate the merits of the journey over the merits of the goal. The actual dark tower is very much just a McGuffin to give Roland , the gunslinger, a reason to go one a long quest through a crazy moved on world. The dark tower itself doesnt really matter, its the tower at the end of everyones life and from a fans standpoint (and a fan that hasnt read past book three yet (SK loves parentheticals by the way)), I almost liked the idea of the DARK TOWER better when it was unfinished. Well see if he can pull it off. Mr. King tends to struggle with endings, and the larger the book, the bigger the struggle with said ending, in my opinion, so Ill keep my hopes on the pragmatic side.
This book is just ok, but you have to read it. NOW! I had to make two attempts to read this book. The first time, I put it down about 50 pages in, bored. I decided it just wasn't for me. A decade later, after having so many people lambaste me for not having read this series, I tried again. I am so glad I did. This first book is just OK. It's a decent read. It isn't anywhere near King's best (and it shouldn't be, being so early in his career), but it is SO WORTH READING. This mediocre book starts you on one of the greatest literary journeys you will ever take. Get this book, power through it, and from there onward this entire series is 5-stars all the way!! Hile, Gunslinger!
What a great start to a great series Stphen King's The Dark Tower series are not really horror but fantasy. The world he sets the books in are more dream like, but they are parallel with the world that human beings are living in. I found The Gunslinger to be a very good start with the series. I read some reviews and most people said the book lacks of action. But how? The Gunslinger goes back and forth between Roland's past becoming a gunslinger to his search for the Man in Black (which is one of Stephen King's greatest enemies, Randal Flagg). Even though its a shorter book, I found this to be a page turner. It does have somewhat a H.P. Lovecraft feel to it, but that's only me. Nonetheless, The Gunslinger is by far one of my favorite Stephen King books, and it will lead on to one of the bst series in books. The Gunslinger is a five star rating in my eyes!
Stephen King is not one of my favourite authors. I consider much of his work derivative Stephen King is not one of my favourite authors. I consider much of his work derivative, drawing on the works of H.P. Lovecraft and Algernon Blackwood. So when a passing acquaintance suggested the Dark Tower series was different, I was hesitant. While waiting for Richard Kadrey's "Runaway God" to come out, I was looking for a book and decided to give Stephen King a second chance. I am glad I did. I thoroughly enjoyed "The Gunslinger", Roland is believable as the damaged hero, and the balance between action and character development is just about spot on. Yes, you can see it was written by a young person but unquestionably by a talented young person. King acknowledges this book is a classic quest and while he attributes his inspiration to Tolkien and Terry Brooks and developed the story from Browning's poem "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came" the story felt, to me, more like it drew on the Lancelot tradition. Origins aside, it is a very good story, evenly paced with a leading character most people will find interesting. I am comfortable recommending this book to fans of the modern quest genre, it is perhaps a little too raw for the die hard Tolkien fan, Sandman Slim fans will probably enjoy it too. If the next books are up to the standard of this one, the Runaway God will have to wait until Roland reaches the tower.
A little of hard to get into I have been a stephen king fan for years, but never read the dark tower series. I had a bit of hard time getting into this in the beginning but by the end I was looking forward to the 2nd book, now I'm non the 3rd. I'm happy I decided to read these books.
This Book has a huge black Hole when you open it up! Doesn't matter if digital or paper, once you open this book you will fall into a "Doorway" that will take you to other doorways you never dreamed existed. Immediately identified with the lead character and the journey that is his obsession to complete. You will want to be with him each step through each door to his final destination! If you are a Western fan you will, or a Stephen King fan, or just need a great escape into the mind of a master story writer, start here...only KA will decide when you leave!!!
Great read This was a favorite series of one of my friends. I understand now why. While I am not a huge Stephen King fan, I do enjoy his work. This was an incredible book which I read quickly as I could not put it down. I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
Gift for my Mom Got this whole set for my mom for her birthday, had to order them individually since they weren't really available as a set at the time. She loves S. King and the Gunslinger series so she was ecstatic!
Love stephen king. Read these series many times over. I read the original book, 6 times, every time the next series is published, I wouldn't read the. Newest book until I reread from the beginning book first. Now I can read them from the beginning to end! Happy!
A good start to the series I have always wanted to jump into the dark tower series, but the magnitude of it always held me back. So, finally I jumped in. I had been told by many people that you "just have to get beyond the gunslinger," as if the gunslinger is some plague in the series. Maybe it is a slow start in comparison to the rest of the series; I don't know, because I'm not there yet. What I can say, is that I didn't find this book to be something I had to "get beyond." I thought it was a fun read and great starting point. It reminded me of something Leone and Cronenberg. It's filled with all of the slow brooding tension you'd find in a spaghetti western, but with the abstract nature of a Cronenberg sci-fi flick. I'm looking forward to The Drawing of the Three.
sorry, this one just didnt grab me I just want to say it's not a problem with the author. I have read It, The Stand, and Under The Dome and loved them all. I look forward to reading more of King's work. This one sadly just didn't work for me. The world just wasn't explained enough, couldn't understand the character's motiviations, some kid just gets dropped out of the sky from another dimension, high speech vs low speech (what does that even mean anyway). It got to the point I was so preoccupied figuring out wha and what everyone was that I lost track of the story I was reading. Just distracting. I got halfway through, realized I didn't remember half of what had already happened, and didn't care how it ended. I hate giving up in the middle of a book but it just would have been forced.
Excellent book!! This was an excellent book and a great step into the world that is the dark tower. Stephen king has really won me over with this story. It has an extremely unique and original feel to it. I would probably have actually given this book a 4.5 star if possible just for the mere fact that o have already read the second and am currently in the third and those books are better and definitely deserve 5 stars. But if I had not read the succeeding ones I would have gave this 5 stars.
Awesome If you are a King fan you will find this book a little different than his typical writing. If you dont get into this one - try the second novel - or give up! I have met some people that are King fans who hate the Dark Tower and vice versa - definitely worth checking out.
Great book, great series. I loved this book. The entire Dark Tower series is very good. Not your typical Stephen King stuff though. Kinda of a old west meets fantasy. The gunslingers could be compared to Knights or a different era.
One of Kings very best. This books brings us in to the world of Roland of Gilead, who's journey is going to end this fall with the release of 'The Darktower'. This book shows King at his best, the tale of a seemingly ruthless anti-hero, set in a fantasy western world that has passages to our own was just the ticket for Kings grandest and longest tale. Not to missed, if you have never read King, or don't like King's other books, give this one a try, it is refreshingly unique.
Part 1 King is the master. He has spun a world mixing the old west, Sparta and Middle Earth into a wonderful story. The writing was a little choppy but it is one of his earlier works. Looking forward to book 2
Good book. reminds me of the movie with Harrison Ford, "Cowboys and Aliens".....but certainly the book contains very little humor. To me a gunslinger's place is in the old west; while in this book the gunslinger does have his place in the old west, certain events make it seem as if this town where the gunslinger is, is a town that possess magical characters; Good book.
Enigmatic Beginning to a Promising Series I've heard a lot about this series by Stephen King, and so I was inevitably drawn to it as the Gunslinger was drawn to the Tower. The landscape at the outset of this epic is lush with interesting details and mysterious characters. The ending, not to give anything away, reminded me of 2001: A Space Odyssey. If you like a blend of science fiction, fantasy, and horror (which I do), then I recommend reading this book all the way through to prepare you for the rest in the series. I plan on starting book two today.
Stunning!!!! This is my seventh time of reading the Gunslinger series! It never gets old . I would recommend this to people that possess the gift of the "white" and a deep sense of honor that is the opitomy of Roland Deschain.
Typical Steven King I had read this before about 15 years ago and now that he has added sequels to this book, I decided to start over again and read from the start. I anticipate a epic series. I gave it only 4 stars because like I said, I had read it before and it wasn't quite as good the second time around.
must read Just pick it up and start on page one. It pulls a world over your eyes that you fall into and have no chance of waking up from. It has modern humor,action of a western, elements of fantasy and interdimentional travel, all wrapped together in an epic haunting romance that none other than Stephen king can tell. If you have never read KIng start here; If you aren't really in to his usual books- this is no typical series. Take a chance.
Good Read I'm a big King fan, but never ventured down the road of the Dark Tower series. This opening volume was an odd read at times, leaving me wondering what was happening on more than a few occasions, but it was enjoyable and led me to the second book.
The beginning I've read this book several times through its life- and mine. I always find myself lost in the universe that it creates. I expect I'll read it again somewhere down the road when the dust settles on it once more. I'm in no rush, but it's nice to know it will be waiting there for me.
A Dazzling But Flawed Masterpiece The Gunslinger is one of those books that evokes strong reactions in readers. You could simply say that people either love it or hate it but that is really too simplistic. Rather Stephen King evokes such a myriad range of different emotions with this science fiction/fantasy western that it is perfectly normal for an individual to feel both awed by its brilliance yet completely unhappy with its conclusion. I realize that is strange to say, but it is absolutely true. What else is true is that no review will ever be able to tell a prospective readers whether they will adore or despise The Gunslinger - and The Dark Tower series that follows. Quite simply, the only way to know is to put on your cowboy boots and cowboy hat and accompany Roland Deschain out into the world that has "moved on." As a reader embarks upon the quest for the Dark Tower, he finds himself following along with Roland Deschain as "the gunslinger" crosses a strange post-apocalyptic "Old West" on the tail of his most hated enemy: "the man in black." This villain was responsible for ensorcelling Roland's mother, helping to kill Roland's father, and had a hand in the destruction of everything that the gunslinger knew and loved in his world. So for years, our rugged, gun-toting hero has diligently pursued "the man in black", determined to make him pay for what he has done, and now he is tantalizingly close to finally running his quarry to ground. Yet before the epic confrontation can happen, Roland finds himself confronting crazed citizens of a small town, meeting and loving a young boy, and ultimately dealing with the specters of his own haunted past. After finishing this amazing story, I'm not ashamed to admit that I myself was one of those readers torn about my feelings for it. On one hand, I adored Roland and was desperate to learn more about his shadowy past, the why of his world's strange condition (a place so familiar to our own yet obviously alien in that alternate time stream way), and what the Dark Tower actually was. However, on the other hand, when the tale was complete and the ending digested, all I felt was . . . a big so what! Perhaps that sounds disrespectful of me. I know this is Mr. King's masterpiece, but this novel -- like the series that follows -- is a flawed masterpiece. Filled with memorable characters and masterful stories yet missing the cohesiveness of other epic series like The Lord of the Rings. The sad truth is that The Gunslinger is a grand story that lacks a real ending, which, unfortunately, is a harbinger of things to come in The Dark Tower series as a whole. With that being said, you probably wonder if I am discouraging people from setting off on this grand journey with Roland Deschain. Absolutely not! While The Gunslinger has its flaws (as does the series as a whole), there is no deny that it is an epic journey that whisks you away to another place with some of the most memorable characters in literature. And when you are done with it (Whether that be after one book or the whole series is entirely up to the individual.) it will be something you will always remember. Whether you recall it fondly or hatefully you will never know until you begin. So give this novel a try and decide for yourself if you'd like to follow the gunslinger all the way to the Dark Tower.
A good beginning As I'm sure this book's main purpose is to set up the books to come, I'm cutting it some slack. It's by no means a great, well-written book, but it does the job of introducing the world. I look forward to reading more.
Incredible At time of the writing of this review, I'm currently in book 3. Incredible and raw series that doesn't pull punches. Only thing that strikes me as odd, is that King uses many of the writing techniques he claims are the mark of an untalented and amateurish writer a plethora of times throughout the series in his "Memoir on Writing." Yet, it's incredible.
Late to the Tower I picked up a couple of books on tape (Part II, III and IV) in this series, started on III (forgot I had II), and got hooked. I back tracked to read this one and it made perfect sense to me since I was already into book IV before I read it. So far, I like IV the best.
Excellent when I first read it in the late 80s or early 90s... ...still excellent today. Reading this series is like falling, briefly, into another world. A modern classic written by a master storyteller. Even if you aren't a Stephen King fan, this series (and this book in particular) is worth reading.
Great Book, bad sales I love this book and couldn't get the second one in the series quick enough. Felt the same about the third. That's when it happened. I have been reading these on my Kindle and when I went to get the third one it is not availiable from Amazon. Are you kidding??? I can buy the paper version from them. I love the Kindle system but this may be the straw that broke the Kindle's back for me. I actually got the book for a dollar cheaper and down loaded it to my iPad. No problem at all. So Amazon it sad that you can't even support your own stuff.
Barely readable Not a very well written book. I've read a few other reviews that state that the following books help tie this into the larger universe King is trying to build here, but this book on its own just doesn't hold its own water, and is barely readable. In his forward he talks a lot about Tolkien, and the universe he created. Lord of the Rings was a deep immersive experience that held my attention because of the amazing writing and the story and characters he built. The only reason this book was readable was because of the cliffhanger nature of the entire experience. Until you reach 75% of the way through the book, you barely know more than you did in the first two pages about these characters and what in the hell kind of universe King has built. He so arrogantly steps around any and all plot/character development in the attempt to draw in readers who just want to finish the thing, like some OCD kid looking at his plate of brussels sprouts and against his will, trying to choke down the last few just to clean his plate. I've ordered the next book in the series and my opinion of that may change my view here, but stand-alone this book just wasn't good imo.
Excellent writing, but not a complete novel Great book! My only question is: What the hell does it all mean? Clearly, there are questions answered later on in the series. This "novel" is just the beginning of a long story arc. I would give it 5 stars if there were a sense of closure at the end, but there's not. In fact, the end of "The Gunslinger" blows things wide open -- so I can't really look at it as a complete novel, as much as I enjoyed it. And I DID enjoy it quite a bit. The writing is evocative. King is at his most imaginative, here: the universe is unique and thoughtful, and, like all good fictional universes, exists without having to constantly explain itself to the reader. I felt like I was dropped in the middle of something larger-than-life. There's a great build of suspense as the Gunslinger chases the man in black across the desert; weird things happen, and then even weirder things happen. The flashbacks are well-executed. So I guess my only criticism is that this novel is just the beginning of what I anticipate to be a stirring story arc, but it's not anywhere close to completed here. Better spend your money on the complete series as opposed to merely the first book; you'll get more bang for your buck.
Didn't draw me in...until the end I struggled with this book a lot, and I actually set it down for several months before finishing it. We're following the Gunslinger around this dirty, seemingly post-apocalyptic world while he chases the Man in Black. The setting and characters were so dark and just...uncomfortable with no moments of lightness or humor or anything other than death and sadness. I was also incredibly bored through the majority of the book. The world and characters were so unpleasant, that I didn't care anything about any of them, what few there were, and I sort of wanted to just put them out of their misery. Then, about 2/3 through the (blessedly short) book, he starts to catch up to the Man in Black, and things start to get a little more interesting. We start to get some answers. Ultimately, I really did not enjoy this read, BUT the end did intrigue me enough to press on. Plus, I have been assured that the rest of the books are much better with more characters.
Greatest Prologue This book is the start of the arguably greatest series of books ever written. The GunSlinger starts us on a journey with Roland, a man who is looking to find the Dark Tower to stop his world from decaying into debris. This book gives excellent detail, back story, gun smoke action and horrific underground creatures. A perfect book for Horror and Fantasy fans alike.
the beginning of the Gunslinger saga... - "All right", the gunslinger said, and then asked the world's oldest question. "Will I succeed? Will I win through?" - "If I answered that question, gunslinger, you'd kill me". - "I ought to kill you. You need killing". His hands had dropped to the worn butts of his guns. - "Those do not open doors, gunslinger; those only close them forever".
Great story! Briefly stated, I loved The Gunslinger. Very good genre-bending story that was definitely a "gateway story" to the rest of the Dark Tower series. Must read! Not the typical Stephen King horror novel.
The world Roland knew was filled with light and happiness, but as the author tells us The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed. The mysterious opening sentence of the Stephen Kings The Gunslinger draws you in and sets the tone for the rest of the book. Inspired by Robert Brownings poem Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came, King weaves a masterful and epic tale. Something far more akin to mystical poetry of Browning than his other well-known works. The story centers around Roland of Gilead. We learn bits and pieces about Roland and the world via flashbacks within the story. Roland is a gunslinger, a sort of knight with six shooters instead of sword. The character definitely invokes the spirit of Clint Eastwood in style and tone. The world Roland knew was filled with light and happiness, but as the author tells us, the world has moved on. There are hints of a once advanced society scattered though out the landscape. Things like gas pumps, train terminals, and electric lights exist, but the present is not not unlike the romanticized American wild west. Roland is chasing after a black-cowled, mysterious, and powerful magician whom he refers to as the man in black. While the man in blacks origins and relationship to the gunslinger are unclear, Roland knows he has important information about The Dark Tower. The Dark Town is Rolands real goal and seems to be some sort of mystical power nexus between worlds. Its unknown just how long the chase has been going on, but Roland is gaining ground. As the chase ensues it becomes clear just how much the gunslinger is willing to sacrifice to reach his goal. I highly recommend this book. I had forgotten just how enjoyable Stephen Kings writing is and this story was particularly wonderful. The mythic and metaphorical elements of the story make it feel epic, compelling, and universal. The mysterious gaps and unexplained elements keep you turning pages. Im generally not excited about stories that take multiple books to tell. This series clocks in a seven books and I was a bit hesitant, but after making it through the Gunslinger I cant wait to get to the next installment.
A fantastic genre mashup I've read a lot of Stephen King in my time, and I thinkdespite a few young writer tics (overuse of certain words, forced descriptions of sex, etc.)this early work is some of his strongest, most creative writing. I went in not knowing much about the Dark Tower series, and perhaps predictably, I left with more questions than answers... but that turns out not to be a bad thing. I honestly have very little clue what this series is going to be about, beyond the surface premise of the Gunslinger on his quest for the Tower, but the possibilities opened up by the five stories in The Gunslinger are myriad. I was surprised by the degree of SF that's applied to the Fantasy at work here; it struck me as something akin to the scene in the fourth Wheel of Time novel, where one of the characters goes through an artifact and ends up in a technologically advanced future/past. I get a real kick out of novels that seamlessly blend Fantasy and SF (cf. Felix Gilman's "The Half-Made World" or Christopher Priest's "Inverted World") and this one has me on the hook to read the entire series for exactly that reason. So why three stars and not four or five, given all the praise? Because it's not really a novel, and it doesn't quite hang together as one. But still, an engrossing read.
Worth reading, over and over again As someone who read the first 4 novels in this series and then waited years to read the ending, I can stay it was worth the wait! From the first line of "The Gunslinger" I was sucked into a world only Mr. King could create. By far my all-time favorite series that I have read twice and will read again. Definitely a masterpiece of fastasy!
Fantasy Western of another time & place A worthy beginning chapter of the vaulted Stephen King name. This first book in the The Dark Tower opus is a slow journey that reads quickly. Were placed in a strange world, one that is often repeated to have "moved on" from our modern world as we know it. This is a time of the last remaining Gunslinger, a knight for a different age that protected a different type of royalty. His quest is the Dark Tower, which has always been and holds the power of the universe. What that means, I have no idea. I'll learn more in book two...
got me started i had read the first book of the dark tower series years ago and never went beyond book i. now i am hooked and already on the fourth volume of this series. stephen king has a way with designing his characters so that you are invested in their lives and quests. The Gunslinger introduces us to Roland. He is a hero and an anti-hero for his time and all of the times he crosses over into. King offers us images we are familiar with and twists them so while knowing them they become strange. i enjoy this about his books.
A great beginning... if you're into this sort of thing... :) It's been so long since I first read this book that it's hard to remember my first impression of it. I have read this series many, many times since. I do remember putting it down at one point because it was slow but, loving Stephen King, I was able to get through it eventually. In the end, I actually didn't like some of the changes King made to the story in the later edition but that may be more from nostalgia than from any real complaint. I digress, so... how is this book? Slow but crucial to getting your first toe hold in Roland's world. You have to read it to understand who Roland starts out being and the reasons he becomes who does. His interaction with the people he meets, particularly Jake, form your entire base for Roland's character going forward. You actually, probably, won't like him very much. King didn't. But, if you're intrigued by the conclusion, soldier on. A nod to the rest of the series; if you don't like abstract thinking or wonky sideways worlds, don't read this series. If the only books by King you like are his fast paced, mass consumed 'horror' stories, don't read this series. It's long, it's involved and it's very weird. I feel that it was also a way for King to bleed some of the pain from his life, particularly the accident that nearly killed him, into some concrete platform from which to heal. So, that stuff is in there too. I enjoy the series in its entirety and still read it over and over, but I only recommend it to a certain type of reader.
Tough to get into but worth it in the end With so many flashbacks and little to no warning, I was completely lost in the beginning and sometimes in the middle as well. However, I did become very attached to the Gunslinger's need to find the other man and became invested in the series by the end of the book. I plan on delving into part two after taking a brief break to read another book and hopefully get Amazon gift cards to cover the cost of my next installment.
The Gunsliger This was a re-read (YES - extremely rare for me) as I recently heard there is to be a TV series based on King's sprawling story. I feel the need to repeat, for the umpteenth time, that Stephen King is one of my favorite contemporary authors. That being said, I now remember why I did not continue through the Dark Tower series. I have, excepting this endeavor, voraciously read every word (including the non-fiction Danse Macabre) that King has put to paper. I've even branched out into the writings of his son (Joe Hill) after reading their collaborations. Unfortunately, I now remember why I did not make it past the first book in the Dark Tower series. Of everything he has ever written, I just did not find the story, characters, direction of the series to my liking (which, incidentally, was amazingly disappointing to me, as I was hoping that when I initially read it, I just did not pick up on the nuances and was too young to appreciate it). I simply could not get into the story (which was amazingly surprising as I generally enjoy immensely the subject matter and potential to which the other installments in the series are headed) and I did not appreciate the characters (regardless of the fact that many pro- and antagonists King writes are not supposed to b embraced or liked). An Atheist notwithstanding, I do appreciate religious allegories (implied fiction or not - I very much enjoyed the Chronicles of Narnia, for example) as I feel they make for excellent stories. In my opinion, this was just too much over the top, even for me. I've given the book 3 stars (would have been 3.5 if it was an option), as it was not only well-written but well-fleshed out and the character development was good. Also, the rating shows I will most likely give the second book in the series a go, but we shall see where that leads me.
Eh I am generally a big King fan. Ive read all the usuals like The Stand and The Cell and Needful Things and of course watched the movies adapted from the books. Usually, he is such a great story teller that you are pulled in immediately. A friend all but begged me to read The Dark Tower series and I have heard about it forever but knew there were many books (I read all of the GOTs books so I am no stranger to long series) but I dont know, there just wasnt a lot to the book. Maybe there will be more in the others? More than a guy walking across a desert and through a mountain? I just wasnt as blown away as I expected to be. Itll be tough to convince me to fork out the money for 7 more books if it is more of the same.
My first thought was, he lied in every word . . . The Dark Tower The Gunslinger "The Man In Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed. The desert was the apotheosis of all deserts, huge, standing to the sky for what looked like eternity in all directions." Back in the 80's, before "The Dark Tower" became the huge hit it is today, I lucked out, coming upon this jewel of modern American writing in a tiny little used book store in a tiny little town in Texas. King dreamed up the story from a reading of "Childe Roland To The Dark Tower Came" by Robert Browning, and carries all of the angst, pain an despair which fills that poem. The series centres around Roland Deschain, The Last Gunslinger, who may be a creature of myth and legend, or simply a man, as he tracks the Man In Black across a bleak and hopeless desert - a desert of reality and of the soul. "My first thought was, he lied in every word, That hoary cripple, with malicious eye Askance to watch the working of his lie On mine, and mouth scarce able to afford Suppression of the glee that pursed and scored Its edge, at one more victim gained thereby. " Robert Browning The Gunslinger immediately gripped my attention and refused to release me. Poetry, mythology, pain and loss, a searching of the mind soul and body. As a Browning fan, the concept touched me deeply. Over the years, I was thrilled every time a new Tower came out, and was never disappointed. This is King stretching himself, moving outside his "horror" boundaries, while still remaining true to his writing style in many ways. The world of the Tower is desolate, painful and digs deep into archetypes of the human soul. Is this another world, somewhere lost among the tides and times of the Universe, old beyond measure and dying? Or is this our world, old itself beyond measure, stretched thin and worn, fading into the universe with a whimper, rather than a bang. The story grows and develops over the subsequent editions, building and expanding on its mythos, its archetypes, its heart. A serialized novel of depth and power, of heartbreak and redemption, with characters unlike any others, The Tower is a blend of poetry, art and prose unlike any other. Read "The Gunslinger." Then gift your soul with the rest of the series. And think - - - what is real? Are we? Is Roland? Is the world of Roland just on the other side of our own reality? George Guidell does his normal, spectacular job as the voice of the Audible.com edition of the series. His voice, which has narrated over 900 audio books, and won two Audie Awards for Excellence in audio book narration, is perfect for the part and never deviates from its power and perfection.
Awesome book. Highly recommended for sci-fi and fantasy fans ... Awesome book. Highly recommended for sci-fi and fantasy fans alike, a really intriguing setting and good writing. I will be reading the rest of the series. I only give it four stars because at times the sheer volume of words seems a bit forced, like he was on a mission to write a 1000 page multi-volume epic series and nothing was going to stop him. Regardless, great read.
A literary mess According to King's afterword, this book started from a single sentence he wrote while still in school. He added on the rest of the 'story' (and I use the word loosely) during and between other books. It was written in pieces and tossed together when there was enough material to make a book. And it definitely shows. Leaving some things unknown and creating some psychological suspense is one thing; leaving the reader with only the barest bones of an outline is another. Why not make up the whole story yourself? You're practically there already after slogging through this mess. See Roland travel. See Roland commit mass murder. See Roland find a small boy. See Roland find railroad tracks in the middle of the desert. See them get attacked to create some pointless drama. Finally, we come to an ending. Existential philosophy is discussed. Grand things are spoken of in the vaguest possible terms. Roland experiences some powerful enchantment and ages ten years in a night. Shrug. Ho hum. He walks on as if this is something that happens every other week. Nothing is explained, no details are given, nothing connects with anything else. Admittedly this book is just a setup for the others, but it's still the most uneven mess I've seen from King (and that's really saying something, considering it has The Stand to contend with). It could have easily been trimmed down to 75-100 pages and used as an introduction to the next story. As a book in and of itself, it's an incoherent, meandering work that wouldn't have come close to being published had it been done by a first-time novelist. There are a couple connections with the following books; that's because after publishing this one, King had to scramble to make some sense out of the details he put in before. Apparently, thinking out the whole story ahead of time was just too much trouble. As for reading some of his other books (The Stand, Insomnia, Eyes of the Dragon etc.) because they're supposedly tied in with the Dark Tower: well, not they're not, exactly. Insomnia has one mention of a dream. For the others, it's because one guy (Flagg) shows up all over the place. My guess is that King made up those stories going along, came to a point where he needed a villain, and slotted in the same one rather than come up with something more original. Yawn. Let's just see if he can redeem himself in the end with this series. I remain curious.
It is written by Stephen King so you know it's got to be good. Start your quest here and follow Roland and ... This is the first book in the Dark Tower series that gets "the ball rolling". It's the story of Roland's long quest for The Tower. It is written by Stephen King so you know it's got to be good. Start your quest here and follow Roland and the people he meets and join him along the way. Read all the books about The tower and in the end, you'll be glad you did.
Great Book! It kept my attention, kept me entertained, and provoked me to by the next volume. I'm almost halfway through it and I think it's better than the first. Note, vol. 2 would be very confusing without first reading vol. 1.
His greatest work, that ultimately ties together every novel he ... Stephen King's magnum opus. His greatest work, that ultimately ties together every novel he wrote before it, and some after. The series is epic in scope, but it is still a small tale of one man's quest.
The Gunslinger Stephen King has always been one of my favorite authors. It scared me to death and The Green Mile made me weep uncontrollably. I've gone several years without reading any of his books. Excluding him from my Currently Reading list wasn't by design. I was just going through a different reading cycle. Lately, it seems that I have been reading a good bit of, let's face it, CRAP! Some of the books were enjoyable, some were painful and others were utterly forgettable - which is the worst in my opinion. I needed something to get me out of the rut I was in so I thought that Stephen wouldn't let me down. I had never read the Dark Tower series and knew that King considered it one of his great works. So, I went in to this with very high expectations. The problem with high expectations is that you are bound to be disappointed. And, I can tell you that I was disappointed for the first 50 pages. "How can I rate a King novel 2 stars? Everyone will think I am an idiot." Honestly, he would have only gotten the 2nd star because he is such a beautiful writer. It had nothing to do with the story. I thought that I might have lost my reading mojo. Time after time, I'd read several pages and realize that I remembered nothing of the story they contained. I re-read about every page in that section at least twice and some of them four times. But, I persevered. There was no way I was going to have a DNF on this one. I am so glad I pulled through. This turned out to be a 4-star book for me (and I bet if I re-read it in a year or so it could be a 5-star). Maybe you just need to be in a Stephen King kind of mood. Whatever the case, I am excited to read book 2 (next on my list) and I hope to finish the series of 7 books by the end of the year. I won't bother with a full recap of the plot. I'm not even sure I truly understand it. All you really need to know is that Roland Deschain, the gunslinger, is searching for the Dark Tower. The first book chronicles his travels over desert and mountains to find the Man in Black (a sorcerer.) He meets some very interesting (i.e. strange, disgusting, heartbreaking) characters along the way. A few of my favorite quotes: *"At nineteen, it seems to me, one has a right to be arrogant; time has usually not begun its stealthy and rotten subtractions." This is actually not from the book but from the Introduction. *"The gunslinger occasionally moaned with the wind. The stars were as indifferent to this as they were to wars, crucifixions, resurrections. This also would have pleased him." *" `Beans, beans, the musical fruit,' the raven recited, inspired. 'The more you eat, the more you toot.' " I'm sorry but you have to love such a talented author who can work this into a story. *"The gunslinger removed one of the shells from his gunbelt and twirled it in his fingers. The movement was dexterous, as flowing as oil. The shell cartwheeled effortlessly from thumb and index to index and second, to second and ring, to ring and pinky. It popped out of sight and reappeared; seemed to float briefly, then reversed. The shell walked across the gunslinger's fingers. The fingers themselves marched as his feet had marched on his last miles to this place." Like Jake, I was mesmerized. Beautiful. I've thought about this for days after reading. *"Time's the thief of memory." True that. *"I was made for light." There were a couple of things that were a little strange. The song "Hey Jude" was mentioned multiple times. I'm hoping I'll understand the connection at some point in the series. There is a reference to matricide that I don't yet understand. And, my e-book had a few pictures in random places. I could have done without them. They didn't add anything for me. Bottom line - READ THIS BOOK. Life is too short to not read Stephen King. And, you won't be nineteen forever - be arrogant while you can. It's just obnoxious at 40.
Engaging, interesting, and makes you think! I very much loved this book, I only gave it four stars instead of 5 because of the slow start. It took awhile to build up and to start to get an idea of what was going on. That, however, does not mean it was ever boring. The main character is incredibly deep, and even the side characters who make 1 chapter appearances are well thought out. The story itself keeps you guessing, asking questions both of yourself and of the story, and keeps you very engaged. It does not work as a standalone book, as it almost feels like a book long preface to the rest of the series. I can't wait to continue reading the rest of this, so far fantastic, series!
A Masterpiece, To Say The Least Believe it or not, this was my first Stephen King novel (which isn't that unbelievable, until you take into account I finished it little more than two weeks ago), and I was blown away. Though I have no previous references by which to compare this book to, I must say, King's writing style is mysteriously descriptive and leaves little to the imagination; while some authors overly describe something and take away from the credibility of the book, and while King does describe things in great detail, he does it in a way that doesn't bore you, but instead makes the characters and the like all the more imaginable. Roland the gunslinger, the main character and the namesake of this book, seems very human in what he does, having no real outstanding talents (besides his gunslinging, of course), and a lot of readers can relate to his feelings of purposeless in a world gone to hell. Another interesting part of the book is the various cultural nods made to our own society; for example, there are several references to The Beatles' hit "Hey Jude" being played on a ragtime piano somewhere off in the distance, and a story that Jake tells to the gunslinger creates a vague description of New York City and...well, I've said too much already. Though some may find those references tacky and overtly allegorical, the book doesn't really seem intent on making the moral state of the world look like [...], like many allegorical authors enjoy doing. But an overall message is still somewhat present in all the fantasy and western-style action displayed in this book. Also, the book is relatively short (being only 300 pages), so it's ideal for those who don't enjoy unnecessarily long reads (although I must warn you, the rest of the books in the series don't follow this example; the final book is no less than 900 pages). Lastly, I would have never discovered this book in the time I did without the help of Demons & Wizards, a power metal band whose most recent effort focused heavily on the Dark Tower series for its lyrics. I won't get into a lot of detail about the band itself here, but if you're interested in hearing this band convey their ideas about the series and various other fantastic viewpoints (including an interesting analysis of the Wicked Witch's death in the Wizard of Oz), then look them up. Overall, this book has become one of my favorites, and I hope to find the same excitement in the other six books in the series (I've already begun to read the second installment, and it's got me hooked). Whether you're a avid King fan or a newcomer to his unique writings, this book has something to offer to everyone. I won't guarantee you'll like it, but it will definitely pique your interest one way or another. 10/10
A good book but it could have had more action I read this book after hearing that this was the universe to which all of Stephen Kings other universes were connected to and that in a way this was Stephen Kings central Universe. While this was true I kind of over expected what it was the book was about. What I expected out of was a western story with a Clint Eastwood style character which in plenty of ways it was, I kind of expected a young man in his thirties who had little emotion rarely said much except to ask questions and had the kind of amazing superhuman reflexes that allowed him to pull out a gun in a split second and had sharp enough eyes to quickly take in his surroundings. I realized it was a sort of futuristic western and its main character could quickly pull out a gun and his eyes were sharp I also realized he wasn't as young as I had expected him to be. Though his age really made little difference. The story itself was good and you start to wonder about Roland's world and some of its connections to Stephen Kings other books the book could have had a bit more action. I'm not usually an action fanatic but I did expect some more action when the main character was packing two western style pistols. But there are some good action scenes and the story does hook you while you read it and after you read it. The characters are done well enough and Roland's almost Fatherlike love for Jake the boy he meets at the way station is well done. But Roland's journey to the Dark Tower and his willingness to give up everything to get to it is one of his more defining emotions especially close to the end. The end however is the part where I expected some sort of battle between Roland and the Man In Black but instead they had a sort of conversation where they discussed the tower and other issues. In the end however Roland learns that he will have to "draw" three people from another world into his to aid him in his quest. Even though I thought it could have used more action it still ended up being a good book and an enjoyable read and I would highly advise people read it as it's quite entertaining in many ways. All in all a good book.
Truly underrated, underappreciated; a true underdog story "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." I remember buying a few books from the book store: Swan Song, Earth Abides and The Dark Tower. I was pumped to read all of them, so sort of as a joke, I read the first sentences of each novel to my girlfriend and asked her which was the best. Of course the best was from The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. It's funny because Stephen King also admits that was one of the best lines he'd ever written; if not the best line beginning a novel. There's just so much power in that sentence that it's repeated at least four times in the series in difference forms. We begin as the sentence says. The Gunslinger is following the man in black; the reason why, we don't know. But who needs to know? A Gunslinger is reason personified. In the story, we don't learn that much about who Roland is. He doesn't talk that much, but his quick hand makes up for what his mouth doesn't say; he isn't real friendly, but his presence is powerful, Clint Eastwood-esque. The tale doesn't have much plot - it just is a journey with tales interwoven throughout. He tells a tale to man named Brown of his mishappenings in a place called Tull; then he finds a boy named Jake at a Way Station in the middle of no where - the boy remembers nothing, therefore Roland hypnotizes the boy and sees how he got there - what he sees, he doesn't fully understand, but we do. Then they travel together, following the man in black. It's very simple and straight forward. The Gunslinger is the best written Stephen King story to date; you could really tell he loved what he was writing and the story loved surging through his fingertips. It was like reading a poem; in fact, the series is loosely based off from Robert Browning's 'Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came' which is a long poem - and I gotta say that their is swagger and style to the first installment to this mega series that reads much like a poem. It's not action packed; it's not a Stephen King-esque horror novel; it is, in many ways, beyond Stephen King. And if you read the series, you'll understand (quite literally, you'll understand). The best way of describing this novel is an exact combination of Cormac McCarthy (No Country For Old Men, The Road) and Richard Matheson (Hell House, I Am Legend). Still to this day this is the best written fiction novel that I have read and is the best in the series. Don't read it if you're looking for cheap thrills; read it if literature means something to you.
A good book but it could have had more action I read this book after hearing that this was the universe to which all of Stephen Kings other universes were connected to and that in a way this was Stephen Kings central Universe. While this was true I kind of over expected what it was the book was about. What I expected out of was a western story with a Clint Eastwood style character which in plenty of ways it was, I kind of expected a young man in his thirties who had little emotion rarely said much except to ask questions and had the kind of amazing superhuman reflexes that allowed him to pull out a gun in a split second and had sharp enough eyes to quickly take in his surroundings. I realized it was a sort of futuristic western and its main character could quickly pull out a gun and his eyes were sharp I also realized he wasn't as young as I had expected him to be. Though his age really made little difference. The story itself was good and you start to wonder about Roland's world and some of its connections to Stephen Kings other books the book could have had a bit more action. I'm not usually an action fanatic but I did expect some more action when the main character was packing two western style pistols. But there are some good action scenes and the story does hook you while you read it and after you read it. The characters are done well enough and Roland's almost Fatherlike love for Jake the boy he meets at the way station is well done. But Roland's journey to the Dark Tower and his willingness to give up everything to get to it is one of his more defining emotions especially close to the end. The end however is the part where I expected some sort of battle between Roland and the Man In Black but instead they had a sort of conversation where they discussed the tower and other issues. In the end however Roland learns that he will have to "draw" three people from another world into his to aid him in his quest. Even though I thought it could have used more action it still ended up being a good book and an enjoyable read and I would highly advise people read it as it's quite entertaining in many ways. All in all a good book.
My favorite Dark Tower book Although most seem to disagree, this one is definitely my favorite Dark Tower book. As King discusses in the introduction, it was inspired by Sergio Leone's "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" and J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings". From reading this book that much is clear, but he seems to insert far more Leone than Tolkien. It's basically a western adventure set in a fantasy land with a few horror elements thrown in for good measure (e.g. the Way Station scene). The best part is the characterization. Roland reminds me of Clint Eastwood's rougher roles. He's a good man, stern, quiet, and absolutely merciless. Given that he is the hero of the novel, you'll find it shocking how many partially-innocent people he puts six feet under in order to meet his goal. That goal is simply summarized in the first line of the novel: "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed". The reasoning isn't explained in too much detailed and much of the background is saved for later books. This doesn't matter too much since the joy in reading this is, in addition to the characterization, the feeling of adventure. Also, the more enigmatic the man in black is, the more fearsome he becomes. This novel, though essentially an early work of King's, mixes the best of old King and new King. Older King was raw with great storytelling, but the language was a bit crude. As he got older he was able to manipulate words with much greater ease and eloquency, but his imagination suffered as did his willingness to cross lines (though a few lines were crossed in Dreamcatcher). This book mixes the creativeness of his early work with the intellectual, voluble language of his later work. However, some of the language comes off as a bit pretentious but only on occasions. Of note, the writing style changed a bit in later volumes and reminds one of older King more than this volume did. The story, however simple it may seem at this point (the complexity amps up in later volumes), is very interesting, his descriptions are simply perfect, and the language is King at his optimum. Don't hesitate to pick this one up.
as compelling as any fiction I've read I won't spoil the plot of this book one bit-- one of the most important elements to the storyline is the building tension and lack of general backstory. All you know in the beginning is that chasing the Man in Black is the only thing the Gunslinger has left in life, and that is all you should know before you read the book. King does an excellent job of making an intriguing central character. The chivalric ideals of the knight and the fascination of the Old West are melded in the Gunslinger but he remains a believable character. He may embody an ideal but he is not better for it. He'll sacrifice anything to reach his goal but the book focuses rather on the horror of actually upholding that kind of conviction rather than the virtue. He's a gripping character because despite his dedication, all he's done is pay the price and never reaped a reward. His obsession has made him cold, hard, and ruthless. he seeks to do the ultimate good but is destroying his humanity in the process. He's a sad, frightening, but inspiring character-- the best one Stephen King has ever created. It is appropriate that King's writing career began with him and will most likely come to a close with him. The setting makes the story even more of a good read. The haunting wasteland the Gunslinger inhabits is a world that has come apart at the seams. This in itself would not be terribly interesting, but King weaves hints of what the world once was into the story, and the echoes of a brighter past snag the reader like a hook. Decay has conquered all, even love, in the world of the Gunslinger, but his presence makes it difficult to accept. The world he once knew slowly unfolds throughout the book as the plot develops, and King keeps the reader interested. JRR Tolkien was once asked why he didn't write more about the events of the Second Age that set the stage for his Lord of the Rings series. He answered that the ruins of the old world the LOTR characters journeyed through were magical in their forgotten glory. If you knew everything about them, their inherent beautiful sadness would be somewhat lessened and less interesting. King has made great use of that intangible "magical" factor in the Dark Tower series. The ruins of the Gunslinger's world cry out to the reader, but all that's left is the memory of what was once beautiful in the Gunslinger himself-- and the quest afoot to put things right again. Start traveling with the Gunslinger and you'll never want to stop hearing all about him and his quest.
Embodiment of the Oral Tradion I travel quite alot over the road, so I have been listening to audio books for about ten years. Audio books are a great way to ward off sleep and keep you entertained while enduring the tedium of travel. I was first introduced to Roland Deschain in the short story included in "Everything's Eventual". I remember thinking it was strange and didn't fit with anything that Stephen King had ever wrote, but I was immediately interested. I'm not a big Stephen King fan but have enjoyed everything of his I've read. After finishing "Everything's Eventual" I went in search of King's additional writings about the Gunslinger. To my delight I found that the final installment of the series had just recently come out in audio format, good. It was quite tome, in audio book format it was 29 hours long with 24 cd's, even better. Also there were seven volumes in the series, that was the best part. Did I mention I drive alot. Well I figured that I better start at the begining and was somewhat disappointed to find the first installment was only 7 hours long, but no matter there were six others and judging from their girth I was going to have a lot to listen to for the foreseeable future. Never did I suspect what that future held. The Dark Tower series is at once strange and compeling. After you get past the initial difficulties with language and setting, the people of Roland's time speak with a strange dialect and live in a world that at once is and is not our own, you become curious and drawn in to the narrative. This series is absolutely amazing in audio format. The oral tradition of sitting around the fire listening to stories told over generations is clearly embodied in this work. The mythical story of the Gunslingers and Roland Deschain draws you in so completely that I've missed exits on the highway and sat outside of my house after driving many hours to hear what happens next. I own over fifty audio books but this series is the ultimate example of the genre. Incidentally, the entire series took me over a year to listen to, but the characters are so mesmerizing that even today, two years after completing the series, I still think about them. And as Stephen King says all of his stories end here, so, if your a King fan don't be surprised at the appearance of characters from his other works. I'm not a King expert but I imagine some of his most enigmatic characters are the ones we meet during Roland's quest. The ones with which he has some unfinished business. For anyone that has not been exposed to audio books or has snubbed their nose at the thought of being read to, give "The Gunslinger" a chance. "Death but not for you Gunslinger"
The start of Stephen King's best work I debated whether to give this book 4 or 5 stars. On one hand it is not the strongest book in the series, on the other hand the story opens what I consider the greatest peice of fiction told in at least the last 50 years. This series, much like all of King's work, lacks much in the way of deaper meaning. It is just a story. That said it is a brilliant story. These seven books contain the best character development I have ever seen from any writer. The development of Roland through the series is seamless. The change is so subtle through the first book taht I have heard people call him shallow. And in fairness, I can see where they are coming from. Roland doesn't change at nice neat critical points set up in the plot. He changes slowly with time. As you see more of his character you recognize not only the changes in him but also the depth and complexity of his character. As you read, keep in mind that this entire book is only 1/7th of the story. Each book blends into the next leaving very little wrapped up. I would suggest making sure you have the second book (Drawing of the Three) ready to pick up as soon as you are done with this one. When I picked up these books onyl the first three were released and it irked me to no end to have to wait so long between books with so much left up in the air. Unlike most fantasy books, there is no divine protection for the main characters. Understand that people you like in the story can easily die or get maimed. If you have read and enjoyed anything else by Stephen King you will want to read this series. Many of his other works revolve around the axis of the Dark Tower. If you are looking into Stephen King's work for the first time there is no where better to start.
A great book that only the imagination of Stephen King could produce!The star of the show is Roland...a cowboy of sorts This is a beautifully written book.The good thing about this book is that it is fast paced and is highly fascinating.It is not the usual book you would pick up and read.This book would make you want to read all the sequels,for one simple reason.And that is that this book doesn't give us a clue as to what the dark tower is.But it still gives us hope as to what is yet to come.In this book Stephen King combines "clint eastwood" with "Tolkien" to give you a magnificent abnormal cowboy,Roland. This book doesn't explain who Roland is,really...it kind of drops you into a story that is already happening,and gives you a bit of the backstory as you go on.But not all of it...just enough to satisfy your hunger.And draw you on inexorably forward. The scene in Tull(a place in the story)gives you insight into the gunslinger's psyche,which is why it is surprising that he develops such strong feelings toward Jake(a character in the story)later on.However,you never doubt that it is the Tower that is Roland's highest priority,so you know what he will chose toward the end of the book. The final scene,when Roland finally catches the man in black(some of his enemies),is both a little anticlimatic(you expect there to be a much more violent encounter)and very deep(you learn things that you will not understand until they are revealed in several books later).Also,you get a good look into the working of Roland's world..and all worlds..and you see how King has drawn lines between som many of his books and is drawing them together into a web of interconnected stories. It is truly an incredible beginning to an incredible tale. This interesting book introduces most of the characters that will be with Roland throughout his quest for the DARK TOWER. It is well paced and doesn't go as in depth with the characters as some of his other books do.However,it does its job very well...which is to introduce the characters,give you some insight into them,foreshadow what they may be capable of(under the circumstances),and begin the delicate task of weaving them together.It also does a pretty good job of explaining the concept of KA and making you wonder if coincidences really exixt,or if it is all part of some great plan... I would not advise you to rush through this book.They are details that will become relevant later in the story. They are so many things(I guarantee you)that you would not understand until you read the others.So have a little patience. This book(a good way to put it)I would consider to be only an introduction.The real story starts from part 3-the wastelands.Until you reach that book,you have to read the first two and just keep the basic facts in your mind until the time comes in the later books to understand it... This is a very easy yet difficult review to write.Because I guess that is just the way it is. Because normally a Stephen King review/Book would involve a normal "world" like ours with normal people who are tortured in his stories! But in this book STEPHEN KING creates a whole new world,which I am giving you a formal invitaion to Enter.And do so with the utmost importance,because STEPHEN KING know no mercy! ..........enjoy...Nigel
Best King I've ever read I'm not a big fan of Stephen King-- as far as I'm concerned, he's one of the most inconsistent authors around. Books like "The Gunslinger," however, show him to be an undeniable talent. The dreamlike and bizarre world the gunslinger, Roland, inhabits is one of the more original creations I've ever heard of. For example, it begins like a Western: A man with no name enters a small one-street, inbred town in the middle of the desert. You know that something is weird, though, when the tune being played on the piano in the saloon is "Hey Jude" in ragtime. The book is essentially four short stories, each of them totally bizarre, and completely enveloping. There are recommendation below to skip this book, and start at "The Drawing of the Three." DO NOT DO THIS! I have yet to finish DOTT, but it does not in any way establish the world of the gunslinger, nor does it show exactly how sad, lonely and ruthless the gunslinger is. This is not a book with a clear narrative-- it is more about setting up a world and an enigmatic character. You won't finish the book and be at all clear on what has just happened, which makes it all the more intriguing. I must say, however, that the second book has, thus far, been a disappointment. I haven't finished it yet, however, and even if it is bad, I'll still read the rest of the series, simply because I so enjoyed this first book. By the way, I think the reason that some people didn't like this book is because most King books follow a fairly clear narrative, which this one does not. Don't go into it expecting a plot; if you do, you're sure to be disappointed. But if you don't feel that books *need* a clear plot, then get this one. You won't be disappointed.
Very enjoyable! It's not your typical Stephen King novel but it's still a great read. I probably enjoyed it more since I read it along with the audio version in my Kindle. I like the mystery of the gunslinger's past and the curiosity of his future.
As grand as Id remembered. I started reading The Darktower when I was a young man, and at the time, only half of the books had been written. Reading The Gunslinger again has lit the fire in my heart for the story of Roland, his ka-tet, and the quest for the infinity of the Tower. As the author points out, the writing is a little clunky, but the story is amazing and it is an excellent investment. I highly recommend this work.
Stephen King's first My son suggested that I read this novel; It might be me but I didn't like the way it went back in time and forward in time. For me it was very confusing. I don't think I will read any more of his novels. Many of my son's friends told me that it was so great, but not for me. Sorry.
Not your Father's Western. I first read this book back in the eighties when it came out. I was not into westerns (which is what I thought this was when I first picked it up - it's not) but I was very into Stephen King (who wasn't after the stand?) So, I gave it a shot and was immediately hooked. Then I waited for the next one, read it and then the next one, read it, and then NOTHING for years. I only found out that he finished the series about a month ago. So now I have started all over and just finished the gunslinger. The story has 3 main characters. The Gunslinger (Roland) the Man in Black (the sorcerer) and Jake (the lost boy). We follow Roland on his pursuit of the man in black and learn some of Roland's back story as we go. We learn right away that the world has moved on and he is the last of the gunslingers from Galien - where and when that is, is left up to one's imagination. King never says what year it is or why everything is so bleak and mutated - but one can only imagine that there was some sort of apocalypse that he has not fully clarified to us - which is ok because he drops little hints and then sort of lets your imagination fill in the blanks. The only thing that truly matters is catching up with the man in black who seems to always be just a little ahead of Roland. During Roland's travels we meet Jake and fall hard for him as he is so innocent. He is from the future, or maybe the past - you just can't be sure because time is very warped in this story - but his character is very endearing and you can't help falling in love with him. Roland on the other hand is no innocent. He is in pursuit of the black tower and must catch up with the man in black no matter what it takes.
Just OK I was hoping for better. I'm not a Stephen King fan or anything, so I didn't know what to expect. I felt it was kind of slow going with lots of references to things that are never explained. It finally got a little interesting toward the last quarter of the book, but it just stopped. This book does not stand alone at all, but I'm willing to keep going and see what the rest of the series has to offer.
Not impressed My favorite part of the book was the thoughtful and candid introduction by King, "On Being Nineteen." It's downhill from there. Being in between books by Rothfuss, Abercrombie and Martin I grabbed this thinking it might measure up. Not even close. I'm not going to say it's awful, and was a step up from the last Sci Fi book I read, Neal Ambrose's Snow Crash. But I found myself dreading the book, which is not the relationship I like to have with what I'm reading. It seemed clear that King wrote this at an annoying age, when we all think we know everything and are the deepest souls in the world. Much of the story sounds like a first year college student, just discovering mushrooms, blabbing on about the infinity of the universe. I'd love to know King's honest opinion of this book. I'd be proud of it for sure, but would probably provide an intro later in life, like he did, making sure to explain that I wrote it at 19.
Happy early Birthday, Sis...9/6/88 My now deceased brother had written this in the front cover of the book that I pulled from a tub of books in the basement recently. I felt bad. I had tried to get through this book back then, but couldn't. I have read all of Stephen King's books over the last 30+ years except the Dark Tower series. My husband has read the whole series. So the remaining books in the series were there as well. I decided to try again. This book is difficult to read...strange verbiage, not much of a plot. I persevered and after reading the 2nd book was so glad I did. It's much easier to read and the plot gets much better. Much more "Stephen Kingish". I'm getting ready to start the 3rd book and am excited about it. So, give this one a go, get through it, and enjoy the rest as I plan to do. It's not too late.
A good start to an epic saga For those new to The Dark Tower series (myself being one of them), Stephen King has revised this first part of the series, The Gunslinger, a few years back so it'd blend in better with the rest of the series. I picked up The Gunslinger a couple times previously but wasn't too enthralled with it - but this time I found myself getting hooked in and am now hoping to read every book of the series. While The Gunslinger is known for being a lesser novel than the 2 that follow it (The Drawing Of Three and The Waste Lands), it's a good introduction into the world of Roland as he follows The Man In Black. The universe King has created here is very intriguing, while being labeled a fantasy The Gunslinger fits in beautifully with the western genre also filled with plenty of horror and mystery. It's a pretty fast read, and not one minute after I finished it I went ahead and bought the next 3 books in the series because I knew I had to stick with it to see where it all was heading. Put simply, I now understand why so many think this is Stephen King's greatest work, and hope this encourages more people to give this a chance.
Revised and re-visited - but my first time around. I know I am decades behind the times in reading this book now, and quite possibly this review won't matter to many of you for that reason. But nevertheless I will put my 2 cents into the pot. A client recommended this book to me and peaked my interest - but not so much that I wanted to buy it. Tried to find a copy at several local libraries but not easily available. So I forked over some bucks for a Kindle download. Glad I did. At first I was sceptical - I've never been a fan of westerns, and the idea of a western themed fantasy seemed kind of like chocolate covered pickles. In fact until about a year ago, I wasn't much of a fan of Mr. King. Years ago, I read Pet Cemetary, at a point in my life that some of the sub-themes disagreed with my religious world view in a way that turned me off. But last year, on a whim, I picked up a used copy of one of his short story collections at a thrift shop (Everything's Eventual) and was blown away by his varied and thought provoking writing style. So, anyway, I gave this book a shot and I am very glad I did. I would describe it as an odd blend of fantasy, science fiction, and westerns (but not much of the latter - mostly the setting). In some ways this book reminds me of the Darkover series - guns and magic co-exist - but not your straightforward magic. A little bit of Carlos Castenada and/or Philip K. Dick for spice. The diction takes a little getting used to - but not annoyingly so. And disclaimer - I have only read the first book of a long series. In short I do recommend it, and am looking forward to reading the next volume.
That was confusing but I think I liked it 3.5/5 Rating Originally posted at https://mylifemybooksmyescape.wordpress.com/2015/10/30/book-review-the-gunslinger-the-dark-tower-1-by-stephen-king/ So yeah... that was a tad bit confusing... The story starts with the gunslinger wandering alone in the desert for the man in black. Who the gunslinger is? We don't know. Where this desert is? We don't know. Who the man is black is? We don't know. Traveling across the desert he meets a dweller with a pet raven and inquires if he has seen the man in black - which he has. While talking and eating with the dweller, the gunslinger tell hims of the town of Tull; the girl by name of Allie that he met there, the dead-man by the name of Norm, and the horrors and the incident that happened there before he came here. After his brief time with the dweller, the gunslinger sets off again in search of the man in black. This time he meets a young boy. Why the boy is here? We don't really know. How the boy got here? We don't really know. Where/When the boy is from? It is not really clear. As the gunslinger takes the boy with him in his travels, he tells the boy stories of life and comings of age. (Which really raises oh so many more questions). Together they close the gap on the man in black, encountering demons and monsters. At the end, the gunslinger will face a major decision if wants to finally kill the man in black. After finishing the book: who the gunslinger is? I'm still not one hundred percent sure. Who the man is black is? I think I have a rough idea. Where we are? It's some type of post-apocalyptic settings (that's the best I can do). When we are? I haven't a clue. How the gunslinger get here? Haven't a clue. And what the Dark Tower is? Apparently it's a tower that something (for lack of spoilers), but really... I still haven't a clue. In summary, you can say that I have almost no idea what is going on! XD BUT! I am very comfortable with where we are after the first book. I heard that this novel could be very confusing to follow along. I completely agree. Not confusing with concepts presented (except for maybe the end), but where we are in context to the rest of the story. You ever sit down to watch a movie, and miss the first 30 minutes where it does all the character and plot introductions? You can still follow along with what is happening now, but there are names, places, and events that are brought up from earlier that you feel you should know. And while you do understand what is happening right here, right now, because you missed the intro you don't really have an idea of where everything is headed until you reach the end of movie. Despite all this, I really did enjoy the novel. Yes there are questions and confusion here, but for me personally, the amount questions excites me to think that series will have so much to say! And that confusion did not frustrate, but created a yearning (I like that word. I need to use it more) in me, to find out why. Wherever we are, I found it fascinating. It's a very dark, bleak, depressing, set in this post-apocalyptic setting. Add that together with the gunslinger and boy traveling together, it has a real The Road feel to it. The gunslinger himself I found to be a mysterious character. After learning more about him in the story, I have even more questions about his origins and feel I know even less about him. The one big question I had been struggling with from start was if he was a good guy or bad guy? Are we looking at a story of the hero or anti-hero? To me, it feels kind of like a "hero" that has fallen and is now on a quest for vengeance. Whatever it is though, I'm intrigued. The ending was my favorite part. Even though it was probably the weirdest thing ever, what it was talking about and saying that the Dark Tower was, I though it was the coolest thing, and cannot wait to keep reading this series. I also felt the most comfortable there. The explanation was definitely way out there, and raised even more question, but the fact that something was actually being explained for once, was an incredible comfort. Other readers, and even King himself, have said that you need to trust him about this first book, and that things will make sense and get good in The Drawing of the Three. Regardless of who the author was, I would still continue reading to the next book, but knowing that this series is by King, it is a great to relief to know that all these questions will be explained in time. 3.5/5 Rating -DJ
Excellent Fable for Modern Times The gunslinger, Roland, moves through a world that has "moved on." This is not a typical gunslinger story a la spaghetti western or Louis Lamour; it is a story of a quest, more of a knight's tale of morality, adventure and hardship. Most importantly, it is the first door to a fascinating series of stories making up the Dark Tower series by Stephen King. This series is, in my opinion, his best work, and "The Gunslinger" is the first in the series. Each of the characters in "The Gunslinger" is well established and fully created. The situations encountered by them draw you into their individual stories, and you also grasp their importance in Roland's quest, to a point. There is much foreshadowing, although you won't know this until you read the subsequent novels in the series. The book stands well on its own, although you will be drawn to continuing with Roalnd's quest in the following novels. After all, Ka will lead you to finishing the series if you are a knight at heart. This book has it all, interesting characters, a fascinating plot, creative setting, and a cast of characters you can both identify with at some level and really care about as you travel with Roland on his quest for the Dark Tower. The CD version is particularly good for listening to as you travel or just sit and enjoy the creative story-telling skills of Stephen King. Although George Guidall's performance in reading "The Gunslinger" is very good, I would have preferred hearing Frank Muller, who reads subsequent novels in the series.
Post apocolytic bliss! This book turned me into a serious Stephen King fan. King can write himself out of anything! When you reach the end of this first book, you can't possibly imagine where he'll go...and then you start the next book and are stunned and drawn in once again. He is the master. I love (and hate) his characters and know them like old friends. Intricate and creative. Go for it!
Enjoyed it more than I thought I would I tried reading this as a teen. Couldn't get into it. I tried again in my early twenties. I thought it was okay but only got about 25% in before falling off of it. This time I decided I was sticking with it and I'm glad I did. On it's own it's a decent book, but what I'm really excited about is being able to move forward into the series.
A unique beginning to the Dark Tower The Gunslinger--actually a series of distinct short stories--envelopes the reader in its richly crafted world and its incredibly absorbing characters. The book draws its strength from its odd, strangely disjointed feel. We know next to nothing about the gunslinger himself, and even less about the strange world we find ourselves in. But half the fun of this book is reveling in the confusing mirage of the gunslinger's desert dystopia, journeying and discovering everything at the same pace as the gunslinger himself in a world where everything is not quite as it seems. It is a hazy world, only dimly lit by the light of reason, yet at the same time bound together by the passions and powers of its stunningly human inhabitants. The whole book is tied together with a feeling of haunting, mesmeric urgency. "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed", the story begins, and after the initial one-two punch of the opening tale, the book never lets go. In many ways this book is incredibly unorthodox, and I think most readers will either love it or hate it. But if you're like me, and this kind of dark pseudo-fantasy appeals to you, you will utterly lose yourself in this book and its sequels. At times you may be confused, bewildered by the strange world and even stranger characters. But in the end, like the Gunslinger himself, the Dark Tower will have you under its spell as you revel in King's dusty dream-world of The Gunslinger.
absolutely mindblowing!!!! I have always been a fan of Stephen King. I was a avid reader of his scary stories, most notable favs of mine, Salem's Lot, Firestarter and The Shining. I could never get enough of his tales and you could see through reading his novels he was influence by the likes of storytellers, Alfred Hitchcock and (the grandfather) H.P. Lovecraft. However, the day I purchased the Dark Tower, I was not prepared for the story that would unfold. The infamous line that starts this incredible tale of Urban Fantasy boarding Scifi, 'the man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.'- should go down in history as one of the most powerful beginning storylines in literature. I am not a fan of the graphic novel because the novel alone brings so many incredible and outlandish visual to the minds eye as you read the text. As a artist, writer and avid reader, I was allowed to unleash my imagination to the farthest reaches of the cosmos reading the Dark Tower. The tale is so enthralling, that the chase becomes almost secondary because of the interesting characters the gunslinger meets along the way. The man in black is the gunslinger Rolands what professor Moriarty was to Sherlock Holmes. He is an intriguing antagonist or maybe he is a cataylst. Almost giving the main a reason to exist. As much as I love Stephen King's scary stories but once I began reading The Dark Tower series, he had me at- The man in black. I was hooked since then and I have never looked back.
S'ok, but it's basically a foundation chore for the books to come I agree with others, that this is a somewhat tedious thing you have to get through to get to the next books. I'm most of the way through The Drawing of the Three and it's way, way fun. The Gunslinger sets that (and presumably the other books) up, but I didn't really enjoy it, though it was ok (thus three stars). It tends strongly towards the parts of Cormack McCarthy's work that I don't really dig (the middle of The Crossing, huge swaths of Blood Meridian), where the protagonist is wandering in the wilderness, having epiphanies and running low on water, interspersed with random moments of violence. That said, there are interesting parts, the groundwork is necessary, and I think the rest of the books are going to be a rollicking good time.
In the Beginning I've read around 40 of King's novels, including this one back in high school. After the news of the upcoming film in 2017, I attempted to pick up where I'd left off with Book IV, Wizard and Glass. However, I found I needed to go back to the beginning to refresh myself on the story. This book has always stood out in my memory as being stranger than most Stephen King books. It's dreamier, more surreal. Most of the narrative is almost short stories, or rather, a story within a story within a story. You have to pay attention to keep the thread. Overall, it's a great intro and keeps you on your toes. The narrator does a great job as well. The books that follow are more streamlined.
The beginning of a true cult classic series I first read this over 20 years ago, and shamefully never carried on to read the rest of the series. It was always in the back of my mind though, so I finally got round to re-starting, and re-reading The Dark Tower. I loved it the first time through for the evocative lone figure crossing desert motif. This sort of imagery has been heavily borrowed before and after and I still love it. This is a five star book because its fearlessly original, mixes things up in daring ways and is truly affecting and awe inspiring for a work of high fantasy. What I really liked on second reading was the beautiful use of language that really shows the ability of Stephen King early in his career. I could happily read it a third time right now, but it inspired me to start writing myself so time is precious. My only reservation is the daunting size of the rest of the story. Id recommend this to any fan of sci-fi, fantasy, westerns, post apocalyptic, dystopian, mystical and epic adventure art. Songwriters and painters should all read this. As I discovered years ago, this volume is satisfying buy itself, having more to look forward to is awesome.
Stick with it! This is a hard series to get going with, but I promise if you stick through half way of book one, you won't be disappointed. Mr. King outdid himself with this series, so much so that I have owned book 7 since it's release & could not let myself read it because I didn't want my little ka tet to be shelved forever...the power of Mr. Kings writing to me has always been his characters. His best works come from letting his readers know his characters inside & out, & this series is very very strong in that regard. So good, I've re-read each book in the whole series all over again with each new release. I even purchased an e-reader this time because books 1 thru 6 were falling apart. Lol. If Im your faithful reader Mr. King, you are indeed my faithful storyteller, able to capture my imagination & take it on the ride of my life in splendid fashion! im1krazeekat@gmail.com
Here for the writing, lukewarm about everything else. Ive had several people recommend The Dark Tower series to me, so I figured that since theres an adaptation in the works, its time to finally read it. While its not what I normally read, there were certain aspects of it that I enjoyed, and I plan to continue reading the rest of the series. I spent a lot of time being confused about what was happening in the story  my usual response to thrillers, admittedly. This threw me off a bit. I also had a hard time because so much of it is spent in Rolands head  there are occasional appearances from other characters, but mostly its all Roland. I did enjoy how atmospheric the book was, though. King did an excellent job immersing us in Rolands world from the start. I was actually in awe of this aspect of the book, since he constructs the setting so effortlessly. He doesnt spend a ton of time describing it like in some of the other fantasy series Ive read  instead it unfolds in front of us as we follow Roland on his journey through the desert without us even realizing whats happening. The writing is really what kept me going here.
My Review The Gunslinger was a pretty darn good novel that I found very difficult to put down. From the very first line, which I consider to be among the best in literature, King hooks his reader and begins the long task of reeling the reader in all of the way along the beam to the Dark Tower. The only way that this novel fails in any regard is that, from the beginning, this is obviously a set-up novel for much more to come and as such it feels at times (very few times, but there none-the-less) that King forces the story along at a hell-bent pace to get things moving on towards the next installment in the tale. I think that due to the pacing of the rest of the novel, that the end suffers a bit as it slows things down again and then goes a bit off track. The final confrontation, to me, was a bit disappointing, but things quickly move forward and we are left eagerly awaiting The Drawing of the Three. It's been a LONG time since I first read this novel and that was in it's original form. I don't really remember well enough to be able to tell what was added or changed, but for the most part, I think that the story was much more clear and concise and there was a lot less confusion than when I read it the first time. On the other hand, there were passages and events in the book that I remember as clearly as if I had read them yesterday, so the original version was extremely powerful in it's own right. The one thing that I missed while reading the revised and expanded edition were the beautiful full-color illustrations. However, I have the original trade paperback version, so I could flip through from time to time and catch up on the artwork that I had missed. One last note on this edition, I found it odd that with all of the changes and edits that were made, there is still on character that is referred to by two names without really clarifying that it is indeed the same person. I guess Allie could be a nickname for Alice, but when the name Alice is introduced it's well after we've been dealing with the character and I thought that King was talking about a different character for a bit.
Great read King drew me right into the story from the start. I did read this book about 20 years ago but wanted to start over and go through the entire series. It was just as exciting as the first time I read it. Can't wait to start the second book. This was my first book on the kindle and I really enjoyed it. Format was good and I didn't notice any typos or other errors.
Hooked Me Immediately... **********SPOILERS TOWARDS THE END OF THE REVIEW*************** I absolutely loved this book, I read the revised version (will be going back and reading the original book after I'm done with the entire series). King is a genius, I love the way he writes and his voice comes through so strong that you can't help but fall completely into the world he takes you to. Roland is an amazing MC. At first he comes across as a very simple, one note character but very quickly you learn that he's actually this complex multilayered character. The rest of the characters in the book range from whimsical to outright bizarre and the slow moving mutants have haunted my dreams more than once. I love how King blends Western, Fantasy and this epic tale that really reminds me of one of the old quest tales. Almost like something you'd find in the stable of an Arthurian collection. Everyone kept telling me to give the series a chance and to just push past the first book to get to the second book because that's the one that would hook me into the series but I was hooked far before the end of the Gunslinger. I think my only complaint with the book would be the beginning of the end. It felt like there should have been a bigger climax and I was pretty mad that Roland let Jake die in order to follow his obsession/destiny but it's pretty clear he loves Jake and it seems like Roland doesn't love easily so hopefully future books will further address what happened or maybe (fingers crossed) Jake will show back up. His final words indicated that maybe that could happen. After the initial disappointment of no big show down between The Man in Black and Roland I really got into the ending. You get a glimpse that there's so much more intricacy coming that I couldn't wait to start the next one.
I'll Need to Read it Again... I listened to the book while driving, so I may not have been as attentive as I could have been, but I felt a lot of detail was lost on me. It seemed very confusing at times. I was able to follow the second half of the book, but the beginning was tough. Decent story overall. Getting the next one now.
