Strangely enticing book Interesting approach to a "Western" style novel. I am not fond of Westerns, even though I am a Texan. I found the novel to draw enough from other genre to keep me pulled in and reading further; enough so, to have me starting the next book in the series.
Compelling protagonist! Definitely a signature King work and one I had meant to read for many years now. Roland is compelling and well-developed. As his history is revealed, your entanglement in his world and his quest is almost inevitable. His reprehensible traits are well-balanced with his admirable, making him a rich character to follow. I look forward to his continuing adventures!
Can't wait to read the new publication The Dark Tower series is crucial to the reading and understanding of Steven King's world. This addition has been revisited and expanded buy King to better tie in with the rest of the series. I am waiting in agony for all 4 Dark Tower books to be published in a couple of days, even if my bank account is empty after that. Other amazing books are The Talisman and Black House, cowritten by Peter Straub, with are also important to the Dark Tower, along with The Stand, and just about every other King book. Each book has a suspenseful ending that will make you need the next book ready and waiting for you to finish.
The Gunslinger This book is very fascinating. It's full of suspense and mysteries that will make you want to read more. I recommend this to older people there is some cursing and is fairly difficult to read because it jumps to different parts and mentions different characters. This book is one of the best I ever read. This book is about a future world with a desert wanderer called the Gunslinger. This book didn't teach me anything but it gave me a bigger imagination and made me think creatively. Stephen King did a good job writing this book.
The Gunslinger This book is very fascinating. It's full of suspense and mysteries that will make you want to read more. I recommend this to older people there is some cursing and is fairly difficult to read because it jumps to different parts and mentions different characters. This book is one of the best I ever read. This book is about a future world with a desert wanderer called the Gunslinger. This book didn't teach me anything but it gave me a bigger imagination and made me think creatively. Stephen King did a good job writing this book.
one of Stephen King's best!! I actually think this is Stephen King's magnum opus well at least the start. The full series is well worth a read and then a reread! The condition of the book from my order was well beyond my expectations. It was an older copy but was in perfect condition. The arrival of my order was sooner than expected so all in all my expectations were well met!
Start of an Epic This amazing story starts out with the Gunslinger chasing the man in black in a world that has moved on. The book is just great. It entraps you in the gunslinger's world and makes it where you don't want to leave. This book is loaded with lots of action and it is very exciting. The world seems like the Spaggitti westerns with Clint Eastwood and that is a good thing. The gunslinger is just an amazing character that just simply cant be beat. I believe this book is for anyone but if you read this one you will want to read the others.
The Dark Tower 1 Brilliant Intro by Steven King and as a great lover of Steven King books I have waited to read the Dark Tower as it is now complete. I look forward to the many adventures that only Steven King can take you on.
The Beginning One of King's first books written, but not published, this tale starts off the best story of all time. It begins in the middle of the tale, but by the end, you MUST know what happens next! This story draws you into a world like ours, but subtly different. It will keep you spellbound, turning the pages faster and faster. As a stand alone tale, it is nice, but as the beginning of the Dark Tower saga, it is superb. Overall, the Saga is perhaps King's greatest work, and no fan can be without the series.
painfully slow. As many other reviewers have mentioned this book took me OVER a year and a half to trench through.. It's only 300 pages but its so painfully slow, It picks up about halfway through, Otherwise this is a good book, however I literally had to go back SEVERAL times to re-read certain chapters because there are so many words and painfully slow description of things you want to bang your head against the wall. I seriously considered putting the book down for good and walking away and start reading The Drawing of the three next. On the other hand I have had friends who loved this book. Perhaps my attention span sucks..
The best yet This book had me hooked from when I started it and read the opening line of "The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed". The world that King creates is so strangely like our own. The only thing about this book is that he spends too much time on flashbacks and doesnt explain enough about them. It takes only a little away from the book and the rest is enough to keep you reading long into the night. I cant wait to get the next one! Keep writing Mr. King, and give us a 5th book soon!
A biginnig of great siries When you will read this book you won't understand a lot of things (where, when). but dont afraid to waste time this book is so intresting and beutifly written that you will find yourself buying the following books in this siries. in them you will discover a holl new world that will follow you in your dreams. King succeded to make a wonderful mix of fantasy humor action and science fiction that I never met in any book. (I gave this book only 4 points comparing to the others in this series, atherwise it worse 5)
Slow but vital The Gunslinger is a necessarily slow introduction to the vast universe called Midworld and the samurai like gunslingers who control it. Midworld has "moved on", the Dark Tower is weakening, and Roland, the last gunslinger, has accepted as his Ka the job of righting the damage begun by The Ageless Stranger. Be glad that you have The Drawing of the Three to move on to, and continue this masterful saga of interwoven lives and worlds as Roland begins to shape his Ka-tet for the terrible journey ahead.
Second Time Around I chose this rating for the entertainment value of this novel & its story line. I am a true Stephen King fan & loved The Dark Tower series so have decided to re-read them! The Gunslinger introduces you to Roland a character you are unable to forget & who you will always want to know more about! His world becomes your world & ypu will never get enough
great book, but very confusing once again stephen king has written a book that hurts my head. this book is about roland of gilead, a man who has dedicated his life to finding something called the dark tower, and will kill anyone who stops him from doing so. in the gunslinger, roland is looking for the man in black, someone who may have the answers to where the dark tower is located. this book is very confusing and many questions aren't aswered until the books that come later in the series. but trust me, this book is so good that you wnat to keep reading even though you have no idea what is happening. follow me on twitter @jacobcote4 to see what book i'm reviewing next
Great Vision ... Fair Execution Unbelievable vision of a world that has moved on ... the vision is incredible, and as part of the dark tower series is an excellant introduction. it is interesting to see how King's writing evolves over the course of the narrative. it starts in this one, sparse, and quite uneven -- though his additions and expansions have addressed the worst of it -- but by the time the wastelands rolls arounds, he is literally writing classics. all in all, read the series, and to do so, read this one first.
An amazing start to a fascinating journey It might seem like a strange read at first, and it totally is! Consider this the prologue, if you will, to a "being John Malkovich"-esque, time-travelling post-apocalyptic (sort of) journey that will challenge your concept of story-telling. It is remarkably clever, insane and unpredictable.
enjoyed this series from the first book (SPOILERS)... liked the first maybe 5 novels of the series better than the last few but overall, really liked it. Roland is a strong, interesting hero, capable and no nonsense. the last of the series where he's shown to be insane is sad, but Stephen King even made that work. definitely worth reading
The Gunslinger What a great way to open a story, "The man in black fled across the desert and the Gunslinger followed." The Gunslinger is the first book in Stephen Kings Dark Tower series. In this first book we meet Roland Deschain, the last of the Gunslingers who at first seems like a simple cowboy chasing someone across the desert. This quickly changes as we learn more and more about Roland, his dying world, and the man in black. With a mixture of a western movie, fantasy, sci-fi and mystery The Gunslinger is the start of an adventure that follow Roland's quest for the Dark Tower. This is not your typical Stephen King story; instead it is an epic journey that touches many of the books King has written over the years tying his universe together in a fun and unique way.
Interesting read I'll be perfectly honest right up front. This book took a while for me to get into. It seemed to drag on for a while before it started picking up. Once it picked up, I couldn't put it down. Roland is a character with a deep rich history that i would have loved to have read more of, but that comes later in the series. No let down here. Four stars because it took so long to get going. Definitely worth picking up if you want a series that is fairly well screwed up as only King can do them!
First review My first Stephen King novel, and boy, I am pleasantly surprised! Everything about this book captivated me. The only downside with this book is that it shoots you into action with no background knowledge of the dark tower universe, making the story feel thin at first.
new stuff every time This is the third and not the last time I've read this book. First time was in 92, second time in 02, and again in 14. This time I'm reading the books in much quicker succession and seeing more than I had before. I enjoyed reading these under the perspectives of a teenager, a 20 something, and now pushing 40.
The start of a journey everyone should take Opening with some of the most haunting and yet simple words you've ever read; "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." Stephen Kings seven book series started with the humble 216 novel that introduced you to a man with a purpose. Roland the gunslinger is one of the greatest characters I've ever encountered and is one of my favorite. Purposeful, deliberate, and unwavering, he is a man with a mission that he does not stray from his whole life.
I liked it!!! I must say I like this book. when I was younger I tried reading one of the dark towers ,but it it Down within the first chapter. so I decided to give it another try for the first volume. I almost gave up again but glad I kept, now I moving on to the second towers
ROLAND ROLAND ROLAND I started to read this book many times. Most of you know that sometimes steve drags it out a little bit. Finally, I forced myself past the first few chapters and thank god I did. I read Wizard and Glass a few weeks back and I nearly fell over with sheer delight.The Drawing of the Three was my favorite until then. At any rate, I have read almost everything Steve has put out and I must say that the world is a better place for having him. Or my world is anyhow. peace, ace
The start of something very special This saga is so different than anything Stephen King has ever written and truly unique. It's the shortest of the books in the Gunslinger series and a good opening to a magnificent adventure. I had this book on my shelves for years and couldn't get into it. I tried to read it twice and gave up after the first 20 pages or so. A few years back, I decided to give it another chance and read the book in just a few hours. Once I got a feeling for the story, I really found myself able to get into the world that King was describing. This book is not at all dynamic by itself, but it sets up a foundation for what is to become the best series I've ever read. Do yourself a favor and give this a read...and then the next book...and so on. You will not be disappointed. Once you enter the world of Roland of Gilead, The Last Gunslinger, you will never want to leave.
The Dark Tower Series Part of the Dark Tower series of books, this is truly exceptional writing by Mister King. I can never put these books down. They are strange but for some reason, totally believable! This is a story that could go on for ever and ever. I really enjoy reading these books and it seems as if each new episode of the story just gets better and better. If you decide to read these series, I recommend you start from the first book and work your way down the whole series.
Exactly what I was expecting I actually already own a copy of this book. However, I'm currently don't have access to it, so I decided to buy it again. I wanted a particular version of the book (basically the one pictured in the preview images), and that's exactly what I got. The book quality was good, despite it being a used copy. I am very satisfied with this purchase.
A gripping tale The book was well written with great character development. I do believe this book was too short, that some parts of the book were rushed and there were points when I lost interest due to little or no fluidity between the past references and the main storyline. Some of the pieces he wrote just seemed to be page fillers with no point. A tragic book but in the end it was a good read.
Adventurous and exciting, a fanstastic book!! This book is one of my favorite-ever books. It definatly is not for the young reader. It has some vulgar language, and many chapters are all about killing. But for the older and more matuer reader, it is a classic. The book concerns a dark man who wanders through the desert after nuclear war wiped out most of the world. He is on a quest to find the man in black, who he has been following most of his life. A mist read for science fiction lovers!!
Kings masterpiece. I am very late to start reading this series but I am very glad that I started. I finished this book in only one day which is a rarity for me, but it was so well written that I could not help myself. The Gunslinger is by far my favorite Stephen King character to date. He is mysterious, there's alot to learn about him, and I think he looks like Clint Eastwood from back in the day. Despite this book being short a lot does happen and you might not understand it all, but no worries because there is 7 more books to learn from. Any King fan or someone looking for a long series to read needs to read this book.
A wonderful masterpiece, one of Stephen Kings best works yet The Gunslinger is one of Stepehn Kings greatest novels written to date. It is an epic saga of good versus evil. Roland the last of the Gunslingers fills us with awe as we join him in his journey to the Dark Tower to save his dying world. Throughout his journey Roland is searching for the ominous Man in Black, who supposedy knows the direction to the Dark Tower. To meet The Man in Black Roland has to look at his past and defeat his inner demons
Stephens King's beginning of his lord of the rings The gunslinger is great. It's the beginning of the epic dark tower series. The whole book is sort of introducing the gunslinger character and showing you what makes him tick, and why he does the things he does. It's not my favorite of the series, even in some parts getting boring or lull but still a great read and filled with great imagination has always with Stephen king. But a great introduction to a epic opus series.
A Must Read The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower, Book 1) is a Must Read for all who love interesting and imaginative story telling. From beginning to end the story grips you and doesn't let you go. Stephen King has written a real work of art with this book. You'll find yourself rooting for Roland, and the boy from New York called Jake. Other characters like Alice and the Man in Black add great depth to the story as well. This is a book you don't want to miss, and shouldn't. I loved it and know you will too.
The Gunslinger The Gunslinger is a fabulous story (really only the first chapter) about the last knight in a world which has "moved on" and is dying around him, and about his quest to save it. The storytelling abilities of Stephen King fully shine through, and this story is certainly worthy of him - fascinating, brilliantly told, and engrosing. I bought the second book shortly before I finished this one, so I wouldn't have to stop reading!
Well-crafted Story! This is book one of The Dark Tower series; it could stand on its own if someone actually wanted to only read The Gunslinger. I will not be that person. What a great story. It was crafted so gradually, I had no idea what was really going on until the end - which is how a great book is written. It sort of sucked me in one page at a time. The book is about a man tracking another man - and throughout the story we find out why - and where we are in time. That's it. So simple, yet this story is so full of nuances that I couldn't put it down. I am officially all-in on this series and can't wait to start the next book!
Intriguing... The first part of the part was strange and a bit confusing. Perhaps that was the point. The second part of the book picked up the pace. Jake was a memorable character and the choice of the gunslinger with regards to Jake broke my heart. The meeting with the man in black was a bit anti-climatic. However, by the end of the book, I liked the gunslinger, even with his terrible flaws. I will continue with this highly acclaimed series.
I didn't really get it I just don't like the fantasy genre. I couldn't get through The Hobbit, I didn't get into Wizard's First Rule, and I didn't like The Dark Tower. My problem is that I can't put the characters and actions into context when they inhabit a world created by the author. In The Dark Tower, the gunslinger is following The Man in Black and questing for the Dark Tower. Why? It's not explained. Where did the Man in Black come from? No answer. The book does give all sorts of details on the gunslinger's past and how he became what he is, but it's some crazy other-world that doesn't makes sense and just raises more questions than it answers. Some people just love the Fantasy genre, but I still don't get it.
Intensely engaging. With "The Gunslinger," Stephen King hooked me for life. Never before had I read a tale so haunting, so eerie and engaging that I was forced to read it again and again. Brilliantly devised situations and desolate landscapes focus the tale about the inner workings of a troubled hero. King produces his most memorable character to date in the form of Roland. His quest, shady and romantic, urges the audience to read on.
The first step in a long walk. Stephen King somewhat strays from his usual wicked, haunting, tales by exploring a deeper side of his talent. The Dark Tower Series is by far one of the most arresting storylines you will ever come across. By the end of the Gunslinger, you will realize how fortunate you are not to have to wait 4 years for the next book to come out. Take your time reading the other three because waiting on a new one is a task....believe me.
Thinking about reading book despite the slow start I had a tough time getting through the book. Every time I turned the page I kept hoping for some kind of reveal or explanation. Or for something to happen. It's so mysterious about the world and its characters, it was almost infuriating for the first half of the book. It does improve in the final third. The action picked up a bit and some flashbacks made the weirdness more tolerable, or at least gave it some backstory. I thought I'd get into the series, but this was a disappointing start for me. I felt like I was trudging through someone's demented acid trip.
Without Question, This is Stephen King at his BEST! I will keep my thoughts and veiws breif, because I am not a professional writer,but I have to tell the world that this series of novells by King is Brilliant, and to those who read this, you have to go and find Wizard And Glass. This is the 4th book in the series of the Dark Tower. It is avalible now, and if you are a cassette junkie like myself who loves to hear King read his work It is going to be avalible on November 4th
Give it a chance! I've read most of the other reviews on this book and it seems to be at one extreme or another in terms of ratings. To those of you who gave the book a poor rating, I only ask that you give the book a chance. It's hard to appreciate this book without reading the rest of the series. I recently went back and read The Gunslinger again after reading the rest of the series and found it to be a much better read.
For the true fantasy fans. This book was great. I will definitely continue reading the series. The universe that King has created is complex and intriguing. This is not a western. That was my main concern when I picked it up. I didn't want to read a western. This is a fantasy quest, along the lines of Lord of the Rings, but gritty, dark, and not nerdy. I am now reading the comics, which are based on the book, and they are beautiful.
Obscurity is a beautiful thing. Ok im a kid and im 14. After reading this book i don't understand how someone couldn't like this book. It is obscure, but that adds so much. This isn't an everyday crappy "scary" novel that is like all of the rest. It has an amazingly original plot like no other. I can understand (i guess) why someone wouldn't respect this because it takes an intelligent person to understand and appreciate a book like this. Its definatley worth a read.
Don't mess with The Gunslinger... The Gunslinger is the book that introduced us to Roland and his painstaking adventure. What can i say apart from this is a masterpiece, and probably isnt given as much credit as it should. I too, was a little apprehensivewhen picking this book up, being so used to his other works, but i have never regretted it. i'll be starting book 6 soon, and not one of the others have disappointed me.
Awesome! Being a huge Stephen King fan, I was eager to read this book once I found out about the Dark Tower series. The book immediately drew me in and I soon read the other 3 books that had already been published. The final, 7th book was a Christmas present that I cannot wait to read. The Gunslinger draws the reader into Roland's life immediately, although if you do not typically read Stephen King styled writers, The Gunslinger may be... wierd.
Absolute Must Read We all know Stephen King and his works, however, this series by far is the greatest I've ever read. I cannot wait to read the next page, the next chapter, the next book. This book starts out a little difficult to follow, but stick with it. If you've ever read Tolkein's Hobbit, you will understand the need to keep reading. This is masterful and quite unlike King's absolute horror books. Keep reading.
Excellent story and series! Phenomenal! King is always great. A great book to start my 10 year old on for appreciating Mr. King and his writing style! I forgot about the "bad words" though, good thing she's smart enough to ask about them. Looks like I need to re-read all of them again.
THE SAGA BEGINS One of the greatest works of fantasy, Mr. King jumps easily from horror to this genre. And isn't the usually big-almost-without-an-end book that he usually writes, is not too big, yet is long enough. And it left you wanting to read the sequel. This is one of the best of Stephen King, a saga that will last longer than him, hopefully he will get to write the other 3 sequels to end this 7 part saga.
My absolute favorite The Dark Tower series is my absolute favorite literature. It's just good entertainment. If you think you don't like Stephen King, try this series. It's not horror, it's fantasy, and even a bit of sci-fi. You may not like one or two parts, but the whole story is amazing. No matter how many are in the series, I will be forever waiting for the next one! That's the kind of hold it gets on you!
The Beginning Right now I am wondering where this story leads. I'm not sure how the pieces I've been given fit together. I don't mind the ride and will read onto book two. I know I will have more questions after I'm through with it but hopefully ill start to beta better understanding of the Gunslinger.
Much better then normal horror by king - bounders on sci fi The gunslinger is a hero with a moral and ethical code that guides him on the path of his quest. While not a fan of most of Stephan King's other horror type book, I found this very enjoyable, bringing in science fiction type view of a future world and one man's quest to reverse/repair what has caused his world to 'move on'. Main problem is that the next book in the series has not come out yet
The Real Stephen King People who think Stephen King is just a horror author are wrong, in fact this series is the core ideaology of all his books, and it happens to be more of a fantasy/sci fi book than a horror. If you're new to King, this is a great place to start. The first book is pretty tough to get through, but it really picks up from here, especially at Wizard Glass Cheers! Sean
I rather enjoyed this book. I rather enjoyed this book. I found it quite entertaining and exciting. The book had a lot of action, although it was quite violent, I still enjoyed it. I feel that Stephen King should continue writing further on this series, past "Wizard and Glass". I, myself, will coninue to read, and keep up with the Dark Tower series as long as it continues on. Thank you for listening.
Excellant! Personally, this was one of the best books I have read in a long time. The story follows a man on a lonely journey to pursue the mysterious man in black who holds the secret to his future. The scenes are dazzling and the symbolism will blow you away. This book will keep you reading until the climatic end with a special scifi twist to it. I definately give this book five stars :)
The Epitome of Fantasy... The First in a series of wonderful books, The Gunslinger takes the reader on a completely unexpected and yet familiar path. I read the whole freakin' thing in a day! It engulfed my interests and attention completely and wouldn't let go. It is most definetely my favorite book of all time (besides Insomnia). In closing, I implore you: Please read this book. You have no clue...
Just getting started As his first book in the Dark Tower series, it captivated me enough to continue to the second book. The book entangles you into the life of Roland the gunslinger. After reading it I just had to continue to see what would happen next. Very riveting book. I know some were discouraged with the first book and if you are one of those people... keep on going. You'll be glad you did.
AAAAAAAAAGGGGGRRRRRHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I didn't want to pick it up. I knew it would happen. Like that damned Corona Beer, I got addicted. Great book, Mr. King. In one week I have followed Roland passed the way station, the three doors and now I'm with him and eddie and Sussanah shooting satalite dishes off gate gaurdians. I bought the paperbacks. I'm getting the hardcovers for my daughter. Thanks for the Tower. I travel there every time my boss opens her mouth.
This is the book that started me on King... This book has been out for years, and even if I had never read it I would love it if I read it today. This is the book that started my enjoyment of reading. I read this book when it first came out in paperback, and it was so enjoyable that I became a true 'reader.' Even if you don't like some of the King books that have came out lately, this one will not let you down.
Worth the wait, but how many more are there going to be? Oh boy, have I ever been waiting a long time for this book! I finished it in about 2 days, and loved every page. The story continues to be riveting, and the character of Roland is one of King's best creations. Good stuff, I highly recommend this book. Now, Mr. King, if you could only write these books more often than one every five years. Talk about an epic saga!
Excellent Stephen King Story, Unlike any of the others Stephen King's masterpiece, The Dark Tower Series has to be one of the best story I've ever read. They get better and better with each book. Without going through the storyline, which you can read in the review, I will simply state that he can make another dimension seem not only real, but surreal. I highly recommend this book. - Marjorie Spoto, Author - When It Rains.
Not as enjoyable as I had hoped Couldn't get past the first few pages. Stephen King is a master of concepts but his books rarely live up to his vision. Will give it another go at some point and I have heard the following books after better.
GUNSLINGER ROCKS, NUFF SAID I know, I know, I am kind of playing favorites here, but I throughly enjoyed this novel. I read mainly VERY long fantasy epics, like right now the Wheel of Time and Shannara trilogy, so when I am overwhelmed by these, I turn to this old favorite. It's a good quick read, and it's so entertaining. Besides, how can you go wrong with such a combo like this book offers?
Intriguing Second time reading this book. Can't wait to re-read the rest of the series. Roland is an interesting character. We keep learning more about him as the story unfolds, but we don't really get to know him well enough.
Classic King. this is not the first time I have read this book. The Dark Tower draws me to it every so often. I enjoy the fact that it is western and mythical at the same time. I believe that the Dark Tower is Kings best writing!
Brilliant The shortest book in the series, The Gunslinger represents an extraordinary introduction to The Dark Tower books. Stephen King struggled to write this over the course of a decade, but it makes for a pleasant read. We meet The Gunslinger, as he chases The Man In Black across the desert. I don't want to spoil anything, but please do not lose your patience if you fear you'll have to wait until book 7 for these two to have a confrontation. Excellent.
Can't wait for the next installment, due summer '97! I wasn't real hot on reading this series. My 18-year old son always recommends books to me that he wants to share, and this was a definite winner. King starts out piquing your interest from the very beginning and then you can't wait to finish. I read The Drawing of the Three and am now reading The Wastelands. Anxiously awaiting the next installment
awesome(not a fantasy reader) I'll be quick to say that I don't read fantasy, unless it's obviously a book like the Gunslinger. I love king and this is why I picked this one up. I hate to say that I haven't read the entire series, but the first 3 that I have read are awesome. Gunslinger gives you a nice introduction to Roland and the world he lives in. Great and entertaining book.
Three Stars This is a very strange beginning to a GREAT series.
Roland Roland is a wonderful charactor, a woman's man? Love, betrayal. Bravery, Fear. Mystery, and no- nonsense all rolled into one ( the real hang-em- high man ). I have read all the Dark Tower books that are released to date, ( HINT, HINT Mr. King! :) and look forward to more of Roland in the future. ( secretly in love with Roland, can you tell?)
Yahoo! A good start with book one of the Dark Tower series. As it says in the intro to the book, and I must agree, this book does not do the total series justice. Anyone deciding to start this series, I would recommend pushing through this book. It is good but the next is so much better and you will thank me once you get there. Enjoy Stephen King fans.
Inspirational The very fact that it took Stephen King years to finish this book is something of an inspiration. It is an excellent introduction to the very real world of the Gunslinger, of Jake, and Oy. Apparently inspired by the Lord of the Rings, I think it surpasses even Tolkien in its sheer scale and ambition - If not with this first chapter in the Dark Tower series then certainly as a whole. Anyone who has read Black Book Part 1: The Devil's Blood will know how influential this story can be. Bravo.
Subtle Flavors I'd compare this book to a robust brandy; a slow paced story that's great to savor, but no good if your plans are to rush through and check another one off the list. The style and language are strong, and the characters are as realistic as they are varied.
Awesome Awesome Book One reviewer quipped: "It's a guy thing" Whatever! What, only guys can enjoy a good read? Please.... Well, I am all woman and I LOVED this book! Roland is perhaps one of the most well written characters of the last century. A Flawed Hero...I have waited anxiously for each book and purchased them as soon as they were available.
A fantatick read for people whom are willing. the four books in the dark tour seares will slowly pull you in. you will become a companin of Roland, the most intregueing chaireator that king has yet to create. it is a vertuial gumbo of steven kings books draging you through time space and Dimension. remember it starts slow dont just stop at the first book you wont be disapointed.
Like Hemingway? There is really something great about this. There is a bare bones emphasis on dialogue and scenery that his extremely well done. The characters are very interesting. The major action is de-emphasized. Clearly something for the fiction buff in the long, hot summer, but has something great and beyond just escape fiction in the telling.
Eerie, creepy western with a dash of sci-fi I loved this book. Roland and his persuance of the Man in Black is a very eerie piece of writing and the way King ties it into The Stand(another scary,brilliant piece of his imagination) is creative. He twists the reader's thinking as to whether the story happened in the past, the present or is an apocalyptic vision of the future.
Amazing and very thought provolking I read this on recommendation from a friend. I found it very thought provolking and I can see how each piece of symbolism will take on different attributes with different perspective (at different times in your life). This book is the beginning of a 7 book series. I am continueing Roland's journey through the series. I would highly recommend this book
DEAR GOD! This has got to be one of the most complex stories to which I have ever had the pleasure of being exposed. Mr. King has a mind that I fear for him is twisted and frantic. Always turning and evolving, this book is but a piece of a story that is consuming. If you want to take a literal journey then this is the book for you.
A very Good Book Stephen King at his best! This book captured my attention and started me on the quest for the dark tower. It explores western and science fiction territories. It tells of good and evil and what one will do to reach his goal. The book gives the reader moments of sadness, happiness, and horror. All in all it is a wonderful book.
Needs a great director for movie My third... ok fourth time reading and its like watching a favorite movie and seeing something you missed before. The beginning of an epic tale by Mr king which can make you a fan if you aren't one already. Take a read and enter a world that has moved on and slips further still while Roland quests for the dark tower.
Excellent... A master of storytelling, King's 'The Gunslinger' is a great introduction to the voluminous 'Dark Tower' series. He uses just enough reality to keep us going, but enough fantasy to keep us interested. The later books can bog down a bit just by shear volume, but this one is crisp. A great read for anyone.
Hate Stephen King? Read this book anyway! I won't say much except this. I've never liked Stephen King, I don't like the horror genre either. I've loved the first 4 books in the Dark Tower series. King wrote some gripping stories when he wrote these. If you have avoided King but are considering giving him a chance, then buy this book!
The Man in Black Fled Across the Desert.. And that is how you get hooked into this wonderful series of books. I don't think there is enough space here to gush about how much I love this series. What makes it even better is how the story lines from these books are found in other novels of his... Hearts in Atlantis, Insomnia, and others.
Long days and pleasant nights You don't have to be a Stephen King fan to love this series. This first volume draws you in and binds you to the main character, Roland, and leaves you with so many questions you can't help but move on to the next book. Be ready for a time investment, because this will hook you from start to finish.
One of my favs This is easily one of my favorite series every, and the first book is damn near perfect in eyes. I enjoyed the whole series though, and thought it ended in a way that it should have. The first book is well written, has memorable characters, and is risky. It's not scary, and yet not timid. Enjoy!
Not my Kingly cup of tea. I love King books. But i could not get into this one and will not get the rest in the series. It started off slow. Then got really good at Tull. After that, it really started to drag. I had to force myself to finish it and that is not the kind of book experience i enjoy. When a book is called Gunslinger, I expect someone to be slinging their gun. Not stay in its holster 99% of the time.
finally read it, took only 4 days Friends have been recommending this series for many years now, and I finally started, and finished this first book in a matter of days....couldn't put it down. Can't wait to start reading the next one!
Couldn't put it down This book was fantastic. From the first page of the Dark Tower to the last page of the seventh book, this saga engaged me. Be warned, once you start this series, it'll be very hard to put it down.
Stephan Kings best saga This book was great but you cant just read this one it gets you into tons of king books this book is so cool it even has others after it on the same story including THe drawing of the 3, the waste lands, and wizard and glass there is sure to be more coming. I really recomend this book.
"King's Best Work Yet!" "King leaves his horror genre behind and writes something far better. I lost a lot of sleap reading this book. He makes you wanting more when your done reading. This proves that King can write something extrodinary, if your looking for a good book to read, get this now!"
Advice You have to take this advice, or you will miss out on some of the best writing by Steven King. If you think the Gunslinger is boring, try out the next book, it is well worth it. You wont be sorry. Once you start reading it will consume your life until the book is finished.
First Book Has its ups and downs; the magic wears off for each successive listening, but I have to keep listening because I am addicted to George G's narration, I always have been. Also King's style is unique; I'm sure I will listen to this at least 1,000 more times before I give it up.
Combination between King Arthur and Unforgiven. If you like fantasy, you've got to start the Dark Tower series. The Gunslinger is a short first book which is good because the series is a long one to commit to, so after this one you'll know it's worth it to go on. I'm about to start The Drawing of the Three and I can't wait.
Love it! This first book of the series is a a little bit confusing, but the Dark Tower series is amazing! I loved Lord of the Rings and the other Tolkien books when i read it, but I think nowadays these are my favorite books!
Great The only reason I'm giving this four instead of five stars is because the second one is my favorite of the series. The Gunslinger is an insightful first look into one of the intriguing characters I have ever read about. When I picked it up I didn't know that it was part of a series. When I finished I immediately went out and bought The Dark Tower II, The Drawing of the Three.
Interesting set-up for the rest of the series, but... This was a re-write of King's original book. Despite the edits, an otherwise interesting tail was weighed down by overly-descriptive, adjective-laced narrative. King's youth as a writer shows through.
Great book, just Not King's normal style I'm well behind the curve here as this book came out many years ago. But after seeing it recommended by another author online I decided to pick it up. And I'm hooked! It's not like his other stuff and is more of a science fiction book than the mystery/horror novels by Stephen King. Of course his characters came to life just as well or even better than in some of his past works. I enjoyed it so much I'm now on Drawing of the Three. I say if you like King and also like syfy you should thoroughly enjoy The Gunslinger.
awesome I thought the book was very good and some times i couldnt put it down. I liked that you were mostly in his memorys. I wouldnt advise it to littler kids cause sometimes it gets graphical and i would know cause when i read is the only time i have an imagination.
The Gunslinger I will admit that I am biased, because I love all of Stephen King's work. I came to this series late but once I began I couldn't stop until I had devoured all the books. I love the mash-up of the Old West western and fantasy. The story is enchanting. King is wonderful in the writing of and development of his characters. I can read and re-read these stories again and again.
Hands up for King The Gunslinger was a great book (It did dissapoint me alittle with his talking about earth things and electrictiy(I am a serious fantasy fan)). I just started the Drawing of the Three and it is pretty good. NOt a book to pass up if you are a fantasy fan.
life changing possibly the best and most rediculous book ive ever read. When you finally realize this is going to make no sense and go with it its amazing. I have since gone on to read all 7 books and plan to start over again. I refuse to give away any plot or details
A fantastic blend of several topics into one AWESOME story! This is perhaps the most unique book that I have read in a long time. There is no real "category" that this book can even fall under. Beware: reading this novel will literally suck you into a world where you will want to keep reading about!
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 QofA #12 January 10, 2006 Book Review The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 The book The Gunslinger is very exciting. The beginning grabs you into the book itself. The author of this book is Stephen King. The book is about a gunslinger chasing the man in black. A quote from the beginning of the book is "There were fewer now; he had run through them like a mower's scythe." Page 84. In the middle, the gunslinger finds a boy in the desert. Another quote is "Except perhaps, the rode to the tower." Page 155. Leading to the end, " He walked slowly, drunkenly down the rock hill toward where the man in black waited." Page 267. The main characters in the book are merely introduced in the first book of the Dark Tower Series. The gunslinger is a strong man with two guns. The boy is young, strong, and has a strange past. The gunslinger and the boy love each other. The man in black is a man with magic. The story takes place in the future, a weird future. The book's genre is a science fiction. The good things the author did with the book were having very interesting flashbacks. Stephen King also put a lot of details into the book. The book overall was fine. The theme of the book is a fantasy. The Gunslinger is good for adults to read. It has some inappropriate material. The story is like an adventure like The Lord of the Rings, Frodo's part by J.R.R. Tolken. The story has mutants, demons, and sorcerers all in one. The style of writing in the Gunslinger is different than that of the Harry Potter books by J.R. Rowling. Stephen King is more descriptive than Rowling. The language used in the book fits, the metaphors are unique, and the material flows with the story. My opinion about the book was that is was okay. It would be a shrug and a nod. I read the story at my house at night or at day. A lot of parts in the book were grabbing, and some were not. I would give the book The Gunslinger three stars.
The King of Suspense goes epic Being the first book of the seven book series comprising "The Dark Tower", "The Gunslinger" is an interesting, entertaining read. Written by Stephen King with a strong influence by "The Lord of the Rings" and Western films, "The Gunslinger" is a journey into a world similar - yet remarkably different - than our own. The story follows Roland of Gilead - the titular Gunslinger - as he chases the Man in Black. As the story unfolds and develops, the reader gains a bit of an understanding why the cat and mouse chase is taking place. Along the way, Roland befriends a young boy, Jake, who accompanies him on his journey to find the Man in Black. Jake already knows the Man in Black - he has seen him before when he lived in "our" world, before he was "transported" to Roland's. The story and writing itself is very good - Stephen King is an excellent writer. With the opening line "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed", how can a reader not be interested enough to at least learn more about the story? It is a great introduction and first piece to what is hopefully a great series (albeit very long). The one gripe is that sometimes it feels as if King is trying a little too hard to make his story epic - which he was intent upon doing from the beginning. His goal was to create an epic, and at places his writing conveys the idea that he is really, really, really trying to make it become an epic, rather than it becoming an epic on its own. Other than that, it is an excellent fantasy read - which deviates from King's traditional genre(s) - with some provocative writing. Particularly interesting and thought provoking is the conversation with the Man in Black about size (pages 220-223 in the hardcover edition). If you're a fan of King and are looking to read more of his works, this is one that should be high on the list. If you aren't a fan or inexperienced with King and are looking to read a work or two of his, this should be very high on the list. If you're a fan of fantasy or science fiction, this should be high on the list. All in all, this is a great book, full of interesting ideas and written with a different - yet highly inspired - style.
Unique and High-Quality Saga Beginning The first installment of Stephen King's "Dark Tower" saga takes place on a pseudo-old-western world of ghost towns and scattered settlements and vast, encroaching deserts, where saloon pianos play Beatles songs and other out-of-place (and time) elements keep creeping in, on a world apparantly descended from a much more advanced civilization. An alternate world that apparantly faced some kind of global catastrophe and somehow re-emerged as a re-creation of the American Old West should come off very campy, but as you get into the book you quickly realize that it's not coming off that way at all, and the juxtaposition of believability on what should be absurdity results in an unnerving air, perhaps suggesting the breaking down of what we think of as reality, or the threads of fate knotted up in kinks. The heroes of the book are a ruthless gunslinger named Roland (constantly in pursuit of a mysterious 'man in black') and a boy named Jake from 'our' world who's somehow crossed over into this dessicated husk of a post-apocalyptic reality. There are a lot of nasty, often detestable characters in here, many of them nominally on the side of good. Included in this, though not to the extent of some of the others, is the title Gunslinger. I usually don't like the 'selfish anti-hero' role, the supposed good guy who's willing to mow down anyone in his way and sacrifice anything or anybody in pursuit of their own purportedly noble goal, but in here it works differently. The main reason way, I think, is you see the character starting not just to question his own actions, but really just becoming aware for the first time of just how far he repeatedly goes to assure the success of his quest. There's an impending sense that as the book goes along he's going to eventually come to a realization of how brutal he truly is, but that by then it may be too late, and also a catch-22 sense that even if he does decide he wants to stop or change, the quest, once its true nature is revealed, may for once actually be too important - on a cosmic scale - to ever stop. Roland seems to begin questioning his own methods primarily through the influence of Jake, whose complete innocence in all this seems to present almost unknown concepts to the Gunslinger. A really, really good and unique spin on the whole philosophical question of how much 'necesary' evil is justified to stop a presumably greater evil. It's also a really good story, a successful mixing of the western, horror, and fantasy genres, and some of the most memorably written passages King has ever done. Highly recommended.
It would be great even on its own.... "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." There's really not much more you need to know about this story except what's right up there. That's the essence of the whole thing - a chase. A man in black, who has obviously done something terrible, and a gunslinger, who is obviously going to set things right. If, by "set right," you mean "kill a whole lot of people," then you're pretty much on target. This is the beginning of Stephen King's Dark Tower series, a story told in seven volumes that manages to be the lynchpin for all the worlds that he has created. It's a story that was 22 years in the writing, and almost never got finished. It's an epic story, all about the endless quest for the Dark Tower, the center of all reality, the axle upon which the wheels of creation move. Roland, the gunslinger, is hunting for this tower. He wants it more than anything in the world. He has lost everything in pursuit of this tower - his friends, his family, his world - and yet he pressed on. The man in black has information for him, can set his path towards his goal. If only Roland can catch him. On his way to the man in black, Roland finds a small town taken over by a mad preacher woman, a sympathetic hermit, and a boy who doesn't look like he's terribly local to this world. All of them help point the way to the man in black, and none of them make it to the end with Roland. Even he is unprepared for the terrifying reality that awaits him when he and the man in black finally have their palaver.... There truly is something magical about this book. Even if there were no other Dark Tower books, it would stand out as a good story, well told. Part of this is its deceptive simplicity - moving from point A to point B, with only a few flashbacks to fill in the backstory. Well, quite a lot of flashbacks, actually, seeing as how King did set this story in a featureless desert with a singular protagonist, and there's only so much you can work with without dipping into the well of the past from time to time. The glimpses of Roland's past that we get to see are tantalizing - they tell of a rich and cultured world that is nonetheless hard and merciless. The gunslingers are all that stand between civilization and chaos, and there are precious few of them left. Roland and his friends know they may be the last of their kind, but that doesn't deter them from pursuing their guns and growing up to honor their fathers. The fact that we know from the beginning that they all fail just makes it all the more poignant to watch them try. It's hard to talk about this book without trying to talk about the rest of the series, and it's even harder to convey the feeling of reading it when the series was still ongoing. My father, a huge Stephen King fan, had these books when I was a kid, and I eventually got into them, and was - like so many others - immeasurably frustrated by the pace at which King was writing them. I finished this book, which does not necessarily have a happy - or easy-to-understand - ending, and I wanted more. I wanted to know what Roland was going to do now that he'd had his palaver with the man in black, and I wanted to know if he would ever find the Dark Tower. Whom would he enlist in his quest, as the oracle had suggested? Whom else would he sacrifice, as he did young Jake? Speaking of which, the relationship between Roland and Jake is an interesting one, especially as I got older and re-read it. When I first read the book, I was probably around Jake's age - eleven years old [1]. Reading Jake's story of how he came to Roland's world was horrifying enough, but to see how their relationship would eventually end was even worse. The idea that there might be something more important to, say, my parents [2] than I was - well, that was horrifying. To think that a purpose might exist for which they would let me fall to my death.... That's not the kind of thing an eleven year-old boy wants to think about. From the point of view of an older person, a grown man, I found something uncomfortable about their relationship. The bond that formed between man and boy was instant, and intense, and having grown up in a culture where a strange man being that friendly to a young boy would be automatically colored with the taint of pedophilia, well, I had to work a little harder to stay in Roland's head. The fact that I know that wasn't where King was going with the relationship helps a little, but every reader brings his or her hang-ups along when they read and some of mine are a little more persistent than others. I'm sure any psychologist who needs to put a down payment on a yacht would be happy to help me work on it. All in all, it's an excellent beginning. What follows is a massive tale, a great quest that spans time and space and reality, culminating in Roland's final understanding of who he is and why he exists. Not all of it is as good as this book, but it's still worth reading, I say ya true. So put on your good boots, don't forget your hat and horn and donkey. It's a long trip to the end.... ------------------------------------------- "This is not the beginning but the beginning's end. You'd do well to remember that... but you never do." - The Man in Black ------------------------------------------- [1] This is another example of the Eleven Year-Old Boy Rule: if you have a major character in your book who is not an adult, chances are that it will be an eleven year-old boy. King is a master of this. [2] Because if Roland isn't a father-substitute then I don't know who is.
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 QofA #12 January 13, 2006 Book Review The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 The book The Gunslinger is very exciting. The beginning grabs you into the book itself. The author of this book is Stephen King. The book is about a gunslinger chasing the man in black. A quote from the beginning of the book is "There were fewer now; he had run through them like a mower's scythe." Page 84. In the middle, the gunslinger finds a boy in the desert. Another quote is "Except perhaps, the rode to the tower." Page 155. Leading to the end, " He walked slowly, drunkenly down the rock hill toward where the man in black waited." Page 267. The main characters in the book are merely introduced in the first book of the Dark Tower Series. The gunslinger is a strong man with two guns. The boy is young, strong, and has a strange past. The gunslinger and the boy love each other. The man in black is a man with magic. The story takes place in the future, a weird future. The book's genre is a science fiction. The good things the author did with the book were having very interesting flashbacks. Stephen King also put a lot of details into the book. The book overall was fine. The theme of the book is a fantasy. The Gunslinger is good for adults to read. It has some inappropriate material. The story is like an adventure like The Lord of the Rings, Frodo's part by J.R.R. Tolken. The story has mutants, demons, and sorcerers all in one. The style of writing in the Gunslinger is different than that of the Harry Potter books by J.R. Rowling. Stephen King is more descriptive than Rowling. The language used in the book fits, the metaphors are unique, and the material flows with the story. My opinion about the book was that is was okay. It would be a shrug and a nod. I read the story at my house at night or at day. A lot of parts in the book were grabbing, and some were not. I would give the book The Gunslinger three stars.
A somewhat vague beginning to a promising epic At this point in time, the first five books of Stephen King's Dark Tower series have been released. I laid my eyes on the newest edition, Wolves of the Calla, this past weekend while at Waldenbooks. Having read The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger about two months ago, I finally decided to review it since my trip to the bookstore revitalized the immense interest in me to read The Dark Tower series and find out just how the hell things will turn out. We know now that the series will contain seven books with the subtitle of the final installment identical to the title. The final edition will be The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower and, by the way things have been building up in the plot of the story, I can say that I believe that Part VII will be somewhat of a collaboration of King's past works and most famous villains put into one single novel. This would seem like a good book for an author to retire on after publishing, but I pray King keeps writing because the world of books wouldn't be the same without him. Most of the reviews I've read on The Gunslinger while surfing the web have been coupled with mixed feelings on its plot and the way the direction of the story is going to be weaved. I will admit it IS vague, but I found myself extremely drawn into its fantasy-like plot blended with good old-fashioned macabre horror written in the familiar Stephen King style. The reviews I read on it before reading probably helped me to expect a little confusion and gaps in explanation. There are many here and there but just the drive to find out what's going to happen is enough to keep you coming back for more. Within the first few pages, we are immediately launched into an unknown world with a setting that readers could deliberate on for hours. It appears to have the makes of a good Western but is mixed with several other genres, including horror, fantasy, and action. This place that our imaginations are taken into is referred to as "the world that has moved on." It doesn't seem to be Earth in the 1880's, as some might predict, because of the unfamiliar surroundings. It doesn't appear to contain the makeup for any distinct place, so we're left with our wild minds to fill in the gaps. In this world we meet a man who is referred to as the Gunslinger for the first 2/3 of the book until we discover his name is Roland. He is a gunslinger and an expert at that, who is the last of his people in this large, lonely desert landscape. His only goal, we discover, is to find and catch the elusive "man in black." This man in black seems to be a demonic fiend that guards a certain sector of the Dark Tower, the entire saga's focal point. Clues from within Roland's dark, intricate mind and context from within the story help us to determine that the Dark Tower is the place where all time and space will meet. The place at the very edge of the universe where all things come to an end. This changes our perspective on Roland's world, making us think that maybe he resides in an alternate timeline. Who knows? On his journey, Roland meets a man named Brown and, within his company, he tells the man a tale of his quest through the desert Tull, his experiences with his mistress Alice in a small village, and his exciting final battle with the unfriendly townspeople. This battle, which occurs about 30-40 pages into this short 216-page prologue, whets our appetite for more wild, gun-toting action. Sadly, this is probably the most exciting part of The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. Back in real time, Roland wanders through the desert and collapses right before meeting a 12-year-old boy named Jake. Roland reads his mind and, ironically as it seems, the boy is from New York City (a place Roland has no knowledge of) where he was pushed out into the street one morning by the sinister man in black and killed under the wheels of a Cadillac. It appears he's been reborn into Roland's world. More clues suggest that this place could be an Afterlife of sorts. We may not find the answers to any of these need-to-know questions until Part VII. I plan to stick with it and hope that King's amazing writing will keep me intrigued. The way I perceive this book may be different than others, but my feelings are that King did his best to develop a prologue for his massive tale that is sure to be somewhere in the 3000-page range. He wrote The Gunslinger the best way he could in that he didn't reveal much about the setting, the main character Roland, or the Dark Tower that he seeks (somewhat of a letdown) but he did give us a satisfying introduction to what promises to be a solid, entertaining masterpiece in its completed form.
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 QofA #12 January 10, 2006 Book Review The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 The book The Gunslinger is very exciting. The beginning grabs you into the book itself. The author of this book is Stephen King. The book is about a gunslinger chasing the man in black. A quote from the beginning of the book is "There were fewer now; he had run through them like a mower's scythe." Page 84. In the middle, the gunslinger finds a boy in the desert. Another quote is "Except perhaps, the rode to the tower." Page 155. Leading to the end, " He walked slowly, drunkenly down the rock hill toward where the man in black waited." Page 267. The main characters in the book are merely introduced in the first book of the Dark Tower Series. The gunslinger is a strong man with two guns. The boy is young, strong, and has a strange past. The gunslinger and the boy love each other. The man in black is a man with magic. The story takes place in the future, a weird future. The book's genre is a science fiction. The good things the author did with the book were having very interesting flashbacks. Stephen King also put a lot of details into the book. The book overall was fine. The theme of the book is a fantasy. The Gunslinger is good for adults to read. It has some inappropriate material. The story is like an adventure like The Lord of the Rings, Frodo's part by J.R.R. Tolken. The story has mutants, demons, and sorcerers all in one. The style of writing in the Gunslinger is different than that of the Harry Potter books by J.R. Rowling. Stephen King is more descriptive than Rowling. The language used in the book fits, the metaphors are unique, and the material flows with the story. My opinion about the book was that is was okay. It would be a shrug and a nod. I read the story at my house at night or at day. A lot of parts in the book were grabbing, and some were not. I would give the book The Gunslinger three stars.
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 QofA #12 January 13, 2006 Book Review The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 The book The Gunslinger is very exciting. The beginning grabs you into the book itself. The author of this book is Stephen King. The book is about a gunslinger chasing the man in black. A quote from the beginning of the book is "There were fewer now; he had run through them like a mower's scythe." Page 84. In the middle, the gunslinger finds a boy in the desert. Another quote is "Except perhaps, the rode to the tower." Page 155. Leading to the end, " He walked slowly, drunkenly down the rock hill toward where the man in black waited." Page 267. The main characters in the book are merely introduced in the first book of the Dark Tower Series. The gunslinger is a strong man with two guns. The boy is young, strong, and has a strange past. The gunslinger and the boy love each other. The man in black is a man with magic. The story takes place in the future, a weird future. The book's genre is a science fiction. The good things the author did with the book were having very interesting flashbacks. Stephen King also put a lot of details into the book. The book overall was fine. The theme of the book is a fantasy. The Gunslinger is good for adults to read. It has some inappropriate material. The story is like an adventure like The Lord of the Rings, Frodo's part by J.R.R. Tolken. The story has mutants, demons, and sorcerers all in one. The style of writing in the Gunslinger is different than that of the Harry Potter books by J.R. Rowling. Stephen King is more descriptive than Rowling. The language used in the book fits, the metaphors are unique, and the material flows with the story. My opinion about the book was that is was okay. It would be a shrug and a nod. I read the story at my house at night or at day. A lot of parts in the book were grabbing, and some were not. I would give the book The Gunslinger three stars.
A Mysterious Anachronistic Mystery (Spoiler Free Review) A mysterious Gunslinger tracks a mysterious Wizard through a mysterious barren wasteland. Story: The story reminded me of the first season of LOST. It has all of the pieces of a familiar world, but the pieces don't quite fit together. The story begins with a Gunslinger from the old west, tracking a wizard dressed in black. The Gunslinger, named Roland, is on a single minded quest to kill the wizard. The quest takes him through a mysterious world that is a combination of the mid-west and the old west. At times the characters seem alive, dead, undead, or somewhere in between. The book doesn't give a lot of answers, but it's entertaining trying to figure out what is going on as you put the pieces together in your head. Writing Style: This is a page turner. The Chapters are broken down into scenes that last 2-5 pages and the book is less than 300 pages overall. The sentence structure is simple and the scenes are set with imagery. "The mountains dreamed in the background." If you thought, "Huh? Mountains don't have dreams." This isn't the book for you. But if you had an image in your mind of distant mountains barely visible through a haze of shimmering heat, then you should enjoy this. The story has a few flashbacks which answer some of the mysterious questions about the characters, but these flashbacks do break the momentum of the story. You just get glimpses of pieces, with no real answers. Characters: Roland is a gunslinger from the Old West. He's driven nearly to the point of madness. The Wizard has magic powers and seems to know a lot more than he's telling. There are a host of other characters who seem to be from different time periods. Because the book is so short, and there is so much mystery, the characters feel a bit light. Action: There is some gunslinging in the book and it's quite violent. Bullets do really bad things to a body. Maturity: There are sex scenes, violence, gore, horror, language, and complex situations. Kids should NOT read this book! Overall: The book does a good job at building a sense of mystery. The plot is not overly complex. The characters are not complex. But this is a page turner. If you found yourself addicted to Season 1 of LOST, and you were itching to find out what happened next, you will blow right through this book. Overall, the story is pretty light, but it is a good intro to a fantasy series.
Gunslinger review Stephen King published his first novel, Carrie, in 1973. This started the beginnings of an unstoppable career, which today, includes over 150 published works, over 40 movies, and most recently a series of seven comic books based on the Dark Tower series. Stephen King was inspired to write the Dark Tower series after reading a poem written in 1855 by Robert Browning called Childe Roland and by the spaghetti western movies such as, "The Good, the Bad, the Ugly." This first book is considerably shorter than all six of the rest of the books in the series, but sets the stage for the ride of a lifetime. The opening line, "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." was written while he was an undergraduate in college. This first sentence traversed readers into an epic saga that has taken over twenty years to journey through. The Dark Tower series is a grand tale of good (Roland) vs. evil (Crimson King). This is a tale has been told since the beginning of time since the Bible and in recent works such as the Lord of the Rings series by J.R.R. Tolkien and the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. All these stories tell the epic battles of courageous heroes fighting incredible odds to save humanity from evil, (respectively the Jesus vs. Devil, Frodo vs. Saroun, and Harry vs. Lord Voldemort). The Dark Tower series is so entwined in Stephen King's writings that references, subtle and not so subtle, to the Dark Tower are found in sixteen of his other works, including It, The Stand, and Bag of Bones. I would recommend this book and Dark Tower series to young adult readers ages thirteen and up and to any one who is entranced by epic battles of good vs. evil. After you start the journey of reading the Dark Tower series, I would also recommend sidetracking and reading all the related relevant works to the Dark Tower series to help enhance your adventure while following Roland on his quest to save the Tower and humanity.
QofA#12 QofA #12 January 10, 2006 Book Review The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 The book The Gunslinger is very exciting. The beginning grabs you into the book itself. The author of this book is Stephen King. The book is about a gunslinger chasing the man in black. A quote from the beginning of the book is "There were fewer now; he had run through them like a mower's scythe." Page 84. In the middle, the gunslinger finds a boy in the desert. Another quote is "Except perhaps, the rode to the tower." Page 155. Leading to the end, " He walked slowly, drunkenly down the rock hill toward where the man in black waited." Page 267. The main characters in the book are merely introduced in the first book of the Dark Tower Series. The gunslinger is a strong man with two guns. The boy is young, strong, and has a strange past. The gunslinger and the boy love each other. The man in black is a man with magic. The story takes place in the future, a weird future. The book's genre is a science fiction. The good things the author did with the book were having very interesting flashbacks. Stephen King also put a lot of details into the book. The book overall was fine. The theme of the book is a fantasy. The Gunslinger is good for adults to read. It has some inappropriate material. The story is like an adventure like The Lord of the Rings, Frodo's part by J.R.R. Tolken. The story has mutants, demons, and sorcerers all in one. The style of writing in the Gunslinger is different than that of the Harry Potter books by J.R. Rowling. Stephen King is more descriptive than Rowling. The language used in the book fits, the metaphors are unique, and the material flows with the story. My opinion about the book was that is was okay. It would be a shrug and a nod. I read the story at my house at night or at day. A lot of parts in the book were grabbing, and some were not. I would give the book The Gunslinger three stars.
A perfect suspended beginning of a long series This is the first volume of the Dark Tower series. The main hero, the gunslinger, is nearly dead on a beach, attacked by some monster crabs or lobsters, dying of some kind of fever in a world that is under our own world. This gunslinger has to cross a door somewhere to be able to find, in our world, the drugs that will save him, but also to have the idea of building the team he will need to go to that Dark Tower that should represent the resurrection of his world, the epiphany of our world. So it is the beginning of the trip across some vast country toward this tower, with some crossings into our world to get the antibiotic he needs and to discover the people he will need on his trip. This underworld is not explained, except that it lies under our world. We don't know why the hero is in the situation he is in at the beginning of the novel. We don't really know why he has that strange mission to go to the Dark Tower, to save his world. We do not know who he is and what he was in that apparently ruined world. This first volume just builds up the character and is an excellent appetizer that will make us feel famished for the next volumes. We must note we find the same pattern in The Talisman by Stephen King and Peter Straub, a pattern that was to be found too in The Eyes of the Dragon : a ruined world lies under our own world and our own world's survival depends on the saving of this underlying world. We can also compare this book with IT and some other books, where the underworld is the haunt and home of some monster that lives upon our world by vampiristically drawing its food or vital energy from our world. This duality of Stephen King's imaginary world is fundamental in his fiction. The point is that in the present book, this underlying world is not really feeding on our world, though what happens in it is both caused by what happens in ours and determines what will happen in ours. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, paris Universities II and IX.
so good i read it in one day this is a great book i have read the 1st 4 of these books and this one is the best this,in a way,tells the whole story if you read the book and read the other 3 you should read this one again although the smallest it is the most important of the 4
Now on book three Well obviously I enjoyed it because I'm now on book three. Like millions of others I've read lots of King's novels, but I had never heard of this serial work. I was looking for a 'summer read' and this was recommended by a friend. Now, I'm enjoying this page turner.
This was a boring read for me but then I wasn't impressed with ... This was a boring read for me but then I wasn't impressed with the Good, Bad and the Ugly either. I had decided if the second book didn't grab me I would stop reading the series. The second book was a good read and after that I finished the series with no regrets. Will now remember and cherish Roland and his Ka-Tet. Of course Oye was my favorite.
King's second version As King points out in the foreword of this book, it is a rare opportunity for the author to get second chance on previously written book - a chance to glance back, and revise the work that has been done over 20 years ago. Of course, looking at the success of this book, it seems that King wouldn't had to do it. I'm glad that he did so regardless. Altough the original version (if you may) was not the best book in the series, it layed a good foundation for the following books to be built on. This revised version does it even better. King have had the chance to weed out the unneccessarities such as excessive adjectives (as he self points out), and even fix few conflicts with the following books. That makes this second version more readable - and in my opinion plain better. I would see this book as a mood setter which, being very mystic, cannot be the most easiest book to read. King does not give away much in this one, merely paints the surroundings and motives for the story to come. So altough this book might not make you fall in love with this story, be assured that the following books will. As King him self has said: "A long novel is like a marriage, a short story is like a kiss. They're different, but both have thier points.". This book is like a wedding, a start of something pretty beautiful, and you would be a fool to not give it a chance. You probably at this point, have figured out where I stand with Dark Tower, but just to be on the safe side: I think this is definitely one of the best saga's written until today, and absolutely worth of reading. The only reason why this book does not get all 5 stars from me is because some of the following books in Dark Tower series are even better. So, join Roland on his amazing quest for the Tower - you won't be disappointed.
Not as impressed as others The best part of this book for me is Stephen King's Introduction and forward. He talks about what it was like to be a young writer composing The Gunslinger. He writes about the changes he made to the book in this revised and expanded edition. Not surprisingly, the purists have lambasted this version, which is probably good for King and his publishers, since this negative attention has made me (and presumably many other first time readers of the Dark Tower series) want to read the original rendering. The story itself is ok, but for me, not great. It is in the fantasy (some call it science fiction, but I don't see the science) genre', but I still think King's strength is in horror. I realize this was King's start in the business and in some sense his life long project since it took him many years to complete the entire series. Therefore, to be critical of this work, is to be critical of Stephen King as a whole. Personally, I find this argument fallible, as I am a huge fan of much of King's work. This book just seems to be a frustratingly futile attempt of one man (the gunslinger) to find his purpose in life. His chase of the man in black leads only to an anti-climatic meeting in the end, especially in light of the very famous opening quote, "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed". One aspect of this novel which is appealing is the development of the relationship between the gunslinger and the boy. The boy deserves much attention, since he gives the book something of an edge by inserting a scared, unsure boy to contrast the placid, cold gunslinger. This relationship also seems important in a narrative sense as it gives King reason to flashback to the gunslinger's own childhood. Whether these flashbacks prove important in later books in the series, I do not know. These unsatisfying resolutions and unknowns may give way to a larger truth, that is, King really wanted the Dark Tower series to read as one complete book. To give a somewhat poor review to a book before reading the entire series may be a bit like reviewing a book after reading only one chapter. I reserve the right to rethink this book (and the series as a whole) as I read further.
excellent i can personally say that, despite my wide collection, this is simply the best stephen king book ive ever read. this fact is in no way biased by the fact that i happened to be reading The Girl Who loved Tom Gorden about the same time
The Beginning of an Epic Adventure The Gunslinger has always been my favorite beginning to a series. I have read and re-read this book many times and it still brings me goose bumps knowing what is ahead of me. Read this book. Read it again and again.
An absolutely wonderful read! Stephen King takes you to another world...a world of fantasy where all technology as disappeared. A world where a elite grouo of fighters called the gunslingers keep all that is good. This book is hard to put down and a must read.
Stephen King delivers once again. Fast paced, engaging, intriguing, profound. This "other-worldly" tale, taking inspiration from the mystical and the Wild West, will be sure to captivate its reader. Looking forward to starting the next volume.
You have to read the whole series When I read this book, I actually thought that it was written by "another" Stephen King....someone that was using Steve's name to capitalize on his popularity. After reading the series, I am amazed by how it all comes together.
Stubbornness does give you strength Would've given4 and a half! Writing styles very different took alittle while to get used to. Some ideas a little hard to grasp?... But like I said first time reading him definetly gonna read the whole series!!
A Preview of Nightmares to Follow Reviewing "The Gunslinger" is like reviewing a more typical novel after reading only the first chapter. And as the first of King's seven-volume "Dark Tower" epic, it does read much more as an introduction than as a standalone novel. But these disclaimers not withstanding, "Gunslinger" is powerful fiction, giving the reader a glimpse into the powerful and twisted imagination that is uniquely Stephen King's, effectively setting the hook for much more to come. A little bit Star War's Jedi Knight, a little bit Sergio Leone's "Man without a Name", King's Roland of Gilead, the last of an ancient warrior sect, pursues the mysterious and malevolent "man in black" across a desert wasteland. In "Gunslinger", time and place are but vague concepts surely to be gradually unveiled as the series continues. Through a combination of events that unwind in Roland's pursuit, and recollections from his Spartan-like childhood and early friendships and love, readers of King's later works - The Stand, Black House, and many more - will recognize in "Gunslinger" familiar themes. Familiar also are King's razor-sharp writing skills, layering both characters and settings grain-by-grain across a bleak and malignant landscape in King's unmistakable style. Like a well-done movie trailer, "The Gunslinger" is a masterful setup to what is certainly to be the poignant and suspenseful narrative of "The Dark Tower" that will follow. Few can match King's abilities for telling a story; this is the beginning of what is arguable his magnum opus.
Roland of Gilead! The Gunslinger is a foot into the door to a crowning achievement of Mr. King's Dark Tower series. The imagination behind the narrative is without bounds, and the story leaps from one twist to another. A worthy read.
Don't waste your time... I just hated nearly every moment of it. It legitimately put me to sleep at times but I always finish a book. The writing was confusing and all of the stories were so boring. Even when something exciting happened, it lasted for a page and then it was back to boring. There were times when a conversation was happening but you cant tell who the heck is talking... I hear these reviews of "Oh the first book was bad but the rest of the series is great", I will never continue on to reading the second book. So disappointing..
Very good story. I just finished this. It is great. I have both versions of this book at my house now. King's writting style keeps you going. I will read the next three sequel books next and then I will review those too. Recomended.
deep allegorical fantasy Roland Deschain of Gilead knows he is obsessed over finding the Dark Tower, but does not care. He will follow the Man in Black wherever he goes and for how long it takes even into eternity until he catches this person, if he is a person, and force him to reveal the locale of the Dark Tower. If others die at his hands after meeting the Gunslinger so be it. Currently he tracks his prey across a desert stopping at a way station where he meets a child whom he thought at first was his target, albeit two feet shorter. The kid is John "Jake" Chambers from 1977 New York City wherever in hell that place is. Shockingly to the solitary Deschain, instead of his usual killing or just another soul left behind, Roland allows Jake to accompany him on his trek towards the mountains, the Man in Black, and ultimately the Black Tower. This is somewhat of a reprint, but Stephen King has added back in edited out sections and rewritten some passages. The story line retains the strange, deep allegorical fantasy reminiscent of the cult movie El Topo with less gore and Michael Whelans' drawings add to that overall eerie feeling. The desert looms so vast and is so critical to the plot that the audience will see it as a character unto itself. The other key players fit in this TS Eliot Wasteland meets the Stand environs. Fans of the horror master and those who appreciate a powerful parable fantasy will join the Gunslinger and Jake on their quest. Harriet Klausner
What a Departure for King The Dark Tower story is the one tale Stephen King said he always wanted to tell. Well, it certainly didn't disappoint, but the time interval between books made it a little hard to be faithful to the series. Roland is a distant relative to the round table and King Arthur, I believe. He is a knight in a sense, in a futuristic world where the champions of the old west have regained prominence as the "jedi knights" of King's world. Tutored since birth and tested at the gunslinger's bidding, these supermen with pistols have no equal in the world where they are born. Roland's quest throughout the series is to find the Dark Tower, and I believe, the man who messed with his family. He takes a roundabout way, showing his prowess with all aspects of wielding a six-gun, as he winds his way through an endless desert in search of his goal. He finally passes through the great expanse and finds himself facing a giant ocean, with some very strange creatures as his welcoming committee. I loved this story, and Roland is a great character. I went on to read books two, three and four, but stopped there. I waited years for the ensuing books to come out, and when they finally did I felt rather betrayed. I haven't read the Wolves of Calla yet, but as I said, up to that point the story is magnificent. The Gunslinger definitely puts the hook in you, you won't want to stop there, especially with the doors on beach in the next novels - YIKES! Kevin Gerard - Author of Diego's Dragon, Book One: Spirits of the Sun
Gunslinger Gunslinger is the first book of King's that I have read, but I have delved into Fantasy style books for a long time. King's incredible twist on the fantasy genre made for a book that was very hard to put down.
The Dark Tower Loved It! Recommend this book to anyone looking for an action type story setting, and to have entertainment from start to finish. This book makes you want more every chapter, which is why it is such a fun book to read. In the desolate world portrayed throughout the book, you can frightenly make an eerie comparison to ours. Although it contains a rather boring, almost confusing beginning, because of who he meets, and all he talks to, readers who elect to read on are really amazed by how great and entertaining this book really is. The line "The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed," clearly sums up the whole plot of the story, and the gunslinger's motivation. He is willing to sacrifice all, even his own life, to find the man in black. Through meeting many people along his journey in this story, one can have a peak at his past. Several people that he meets are really just traps left by the man in black to avoid the gunslinger. The Gunslinger comes across as a very rugged, adventureous kind of man, who loves to kill, so to speak. Although he makes some friends along his journey, he sacrifices them to find the Man in Black. The Man in Black is a very mischevious character, who is greatly determined to escape Roland, the gunslinger, by setting traps for him... A very exciting and adventureous book. My kind of book! Recommend it to anyone... This book was recommended to me by the very Chase Kildgore himself.
Some advice for first timer's on the Gunslinger To the folks having problems getting through this novel, skip it and go read the second one first. The second book will actually get you to want to read the first novel. I know this makes no sense, but trust me on this.
I Didn't Hate It Based on other things I've read by King and the hype I'd received from aquaintances, I was looking forward to the read. It didn't live up to the hype, and I certainly wasn't sucked into the saga sufficiently to read the next one in the series.
Interesting and unique story line. I enjoyed the coloful characters and the isolated world in which Roland lived. Interesting corrolation between the past world that we know and the world to come which shows itself as a combination of the old west and the kingdoms of times past.
An Imperfect Start to an Epic Series "Childe Roland to the dark tower came ..." Yes, but not for awhile. He started in this book, originally written (or at least conceived) more than thirty years ago. Only in the last year has the final installment hit. Newcomers won't have to wait to get there, but they will have to make it through the clunky bits--including this book--to arrive at the tower themselves. Stephen King's broken world of western mythos, magic, and gloomy terror begins with the pursuit of a "man in black." The pursuer is Roland, who we meet as a sort-of Mad Max/Aragorn character combination. And he is nothing if not determined. "The Gunslinger" will kill the wicked, sacrifice the good, and dirty his soul to attain his goal. What it's all about doesn't really come clear in this book. And I'm not saying it should, but at the time that I read it, Stephen King freely admitted that he wasn't entirely sure himself. That, plus the years spent on-and-off this cult bit of literary history, makes for some disjointed, occasionally boring writing. Having said that, it's well worth the reading, not only for its moments of horrific brilliance--not for nothing is he called "gunslinger," as we learn in an early, blood-drenched western-style massacre--but also because this modest tome sets up one of King's finest works. But that's the next book ... (This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire novel "Teeth: A Horror Fantasy.")
Good start of the series Being a constant Stephen King fan, I have not really paid much attention to this series over the years. But decided when I got the Kindle to jump in. It seems to be quite a story, fasinating, scary, and even thought provoking. I am very happy with this book and have started the next. But I know that Stepehn King will not disappoint.
Just to prove how much I loved this book... ...I'll tell you my story about what happened to me. I bought this book recently, and read the first part of it, and was bored. Then a friend of mine told me about the subject matter of the later parts of the book, and I was passionate to read it. So today, April 11, 2000, I began reading it at around 5:30 in the morning and finished it at 6:30 at night. I read the last few pages with shallow breaths and wide eyes, and when I was done, I put it down and took a deep breath. What a way of living! I am amazed. I have previously read Cycle of the Werewolf, The Green Mile, and Desperation (as well as many short stories in Night Shift, Skeleton Crew, and Nightmares and Dreamscapes), but none of these amount to the incredible power that Stephen King can put into his work. For those of you who think King is an all-out horror writer, THINK AGAIN! These books are... Something else. Not to give anything away, but due to the subject matter, they may make some people think that they are fantasy. After reading just the first one, though, you may think otherwise. I have a whole new way of looking at life now. By the time many people read this review, I will be deeply into The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three. Soon enough I will be reading III, then IV, and the three more to come! Stephen King, you are incredible. Simply put, this book ROCKS!
Couldn't do it Got about 130 pages in. Just couldn't do. Too poorly written. Too hard to follow. Maybe I'm just missing something, or my copy is some kind of misprint. But I hit a wall where the book went from slow but interesting, to incoherent jumps in settings and characters. Maybe it's an unexplained flashback or dream sequence? I'll never know....
Got a chance to reread this again recently... ...and remembered why I liked it so much. Such a gritty, realistic intro to a unique and yet weirdly believable world. I definitely need to reread this series, although I remember being somewhat disappointed as the books progressed. Still one of the best fantasy worlds out there, and Roland is a fantastic character.
Epic yet mysterious Let me begin by stating I did enjoy this book very much. Despite the surreal behavior of certain (if not all) the characters, the novel did not seem like science fiction. Instead, it was very earthly, to say the least. Many themes are examined throughout the novel. Religion, good vs. evil, a greater being, truth, the quest for existence, and love are just some of the themes in King's surprising first novel. The gunslinger is a mysterious character, and yet somehow he is more than capable of loving. The Dark Tower promises to become an American classic. I do, however, have some problems with how King wrote the novel. The book drags at times, and although is relatively short, it seems to take a long time to get through some parts. In addition, it is incredibly easy to become confused at any philosophical revelation in the novel. King leaves many things unexplained at the conclusion of his book (I will not mention what these things are so that others won't use these as excuses for not reading this strange yet fantastic novel). I will finish with this: The Dark Tower 1 - The Gunslinger is unlike any other Steven King novel I have ever read. I felt at times that I was even reading Faulkner's As I Lay Dying. This novel, however, is one of a kind and a must read for all of King's fans.
Very addictive series I read this series almost twenty years ago when I believe there was four books. Three weeks ago I decided to read them again. I just finished the fourth book! This has to be Stephen King's best work. It takes you on the Gunslinger's group to the Dark Tower
Very good introduction to series! Interesting and fun. Not my usual genre, but it was so strange and quirky that I couldn't put it down. The characters are complex and it's tough to describe if I ended up loving or hating them. Just look at this book as an introduction to Book 2, The Drawing of the Three! I can't put it down!!!
Greatest Story ever told The Gunslinger is the beginning book in the Dark Tower series, in my opinion, the greatest story ever told. The narration adds even more character and imagery to an already awesome tale of a strange character in a strange land on a quest that ulimately speaks to the largest unanswered questions we all have. Enjoy the listen.
No Original Version Available I realized when I purchased this that it was a revised edition but the story and characters are different from the original, I for one am going old school and getting it in paperback.
The only thing Stephen King has written that I like! I grew up reading alot of Stevie's old horror books and even back then I found them goofy and badly written. When I was a freshman in high school I needed something to read during the finals. Around that time, The Wastelands had just come out. I took a chance and grabbed the paperback version of The Gunslinger. I was blown away by what I read! I devoured the first book in one day and I had to buy the next two installments. One of the things I really like about this book is how the world of the Dark Tower brings desperate elements together. From westerns to old English knights of the roundtable. Even eastern religion and philosophy are covered in this series and are apart of Roland's world. String that together with King's renowned ability for characterization and you have a true masterpiece of fantasy fiction. I thought Stephen King was a bad writer, but through this series I realized how wrong I was. The entire series is a tribute to all things horror and fantasy and fiction in general. The series gets much better after this first volume, but it was this book that drew me in. I can't comment on the revised material. I myself am against revising the old content. All I know is if you love fiction and fantasy you can't do much better than this book.
This was the second time around for me on this ... This was the second time around for me on this book, it was totally different then the first time which I found interesting. Now am reading Pt 2 to continue my journey of the tower.
Love @ 1st read Like many of his other works...this book is no different in that it satisfies the need for adventure. I love it & again like many of his other works I will read it over & over again.
The Journey for the Tower Begins... "The Gunslinger," alias "Dark Tower I," is not really what you'd expect from a Stephen King book. Nevertheless, it's a fantasic read and well worth the time. But beware that, like Roland, once you get started, there's no turning back. "The Gunslinger" takes place in a world that has "moved on," desolate and worn down. We follow the journey of Roland, the last Gunslinger, as he attempts to catch the elusive man in black and complete his quest for the Dark Tower. This chapter of the Tolkien-esque quest is about 300 pages in length, the shortest of all the "Dark Tower" books, and acts as the warm-up before the workout. Like most books, it's a little slow out of the gate, but once the gunslinger hits Tull, the rest of the story takes off. If you're a fan of King's or of epic journeys, I recommend "The Gunslinger." The entire work is seven books long, so I would only start if you're committed for the long haul. But reading this and all the "Dark Tower" novels are made fun by King's use of language. I could barely finish "Lord of the Rings" because of its language, but I breezed through "Gunslinger," partially because the story became so engrossing that I couldn't put the book down. So go forth and enjoy. There's a lot to look forward to.
Revisit the journey I read this book and the entire The Dark Tower series as a young adult and man. It was really awesome to revisit it as an adult. It didn't lose any of its magic! Great read, again!
Great read! I read this as a teenager many years ago. I decided to dive back into The Dark Tower after finding out it was going to be made into a movie. I will say that after reading this
The Gunslinger This is one series by Steven King that I simply love. I have collected all the books to the series twice now, and have read it at least 5 times and am happy to get the latest in the series. It simply put: The book gets into your head and you cant get it out til your done reading it!!!! I love it!!!!
Review I have read the series before, but it's been awhile. I'm rereading it now before the first movie is released in Feb 2017. So many insights here now that I know how it ends!
King does it again! I've read this book many times and will never get tired of it. This was my first time listening to the audiobook though and it was almost better than reading it on my own. Actually hearing the demands of this destitute world being placed upon Roland's shoulders was quite intense. King did an amazing job in creating this world. Most novels/series that go back and forth between our world and the created world focus mainly on the here and now. King focuses on his world and brings in aspects of ours. It's refreshing to see things switched up a bit. If you don't know me, I should probably tell you now that Stephen King has and always will be my favorite author. The first novel I ever read was The Stand when I was seven and haven't looked back since. It's intriguing how that book actually ties into this series and so many other books of his. And with that, I'd like to say 'thankee sai' for writing your books for so many years and keeping me entertained! Also, if you really enjoy Stephen King's work and really liked this book too, check out the graphic novels. They are quite impressive... Courtney Conant Author of The Blood Moon of Winter (Land of Makayra (Volume 1))
Best part of the entire series... It slows down at the end of the series of books, but early on, The Gunslinger itself is amazing, it really draws you into this other world and the characters within it.
The Best book He ever wrote!!!!!!! I first came across Sai King when i was breaking up with a girlfriend in the late 80's. She gave me the book as a goodbye present and i almost threw the book away. A year later I came across the book in my library and gave it a read. I was hooked! i read every page over and over and used markers to outline things. I once wrote a college paper on it and it was my first A in school history. I thought i would never see the story again and felt sad. then they started coming out. one by one and i was hooked all over again. I am now married, with an 8 year old son and I still treasure these books above all others! they will be read and re-read forever. and when my son is old enough he will get his own set to enjoy. He loves the lord of the rings and Narnia so i think the dark tower book should be right up his alley. These books are legend and will stand long after we are all gone! 30-40-50 years from now people will still be reading these and college lit clases will have them as thier required reading. i cannot say enough about them and only wish there were more books to tell the story
The First Step In answer to some of the previous negative reviews, let me just state that this book is by no means a "stand alone" work. While one can read this novel and enjoy it just the same, there will be some questions left unanswered. This was the author's intent; "The Gunslinger" is Book 1 in a series that will eventually span to 7, the series being finished a year from now. The questions and difficulties people might encounter by reading "The Gunslinger" are answered in full as the series progresses down the line. As an avid fan of King's, I do not hesitate to call "The Gunslinger" and the rest of The Dark Tower series his finest contribution to popular fiction. This is my "Lord of the Rings," since I began reading the series as a boy and it has never left my imagination. The Gunslinger - Roland - is a truly mythic hero with a complicated persona, one that will keep the reader thinking and ultimately waiting to learn more. If you read this book and it hooks you in any way, then continue on with "The Drawing of the Three." You won't be dissatisfied.
Gripping and Majestic After months of hearing about The Dark Tower series, and since I'm already a big Stephen King fan, I decided to finally read the first book in the series, just to see what it was all about. It took me until the last page to decide what I thought of it. All I can say really is that I liked it, and I'm planning to read the next one, but of all the Stephen King books I've read, this was the most difficult and unusual. The problems I had with this book were not stylistic; the book is very well written, and the characters, though mysteriously aloof from the reader, are well developed. The title character, known throughout most of the book simply as the gunslinger, is not easily identifiable as a hero and is deeply complex. There are mysteries surrounding his past, as well as the lives of most of the characters and the reality in which they live. I think it was these very mysteries that I didn't really love. They distressed me unexpectedly. However, being the first book in a series, it's understandable that there will be unanswered questions. Anyone who ventures to read this book should be prepared to read the rest of the series! I certainly will.
Best book ever I would suggest that you read this series befire you watch the movie. You literally fall into the world that King has created. This is a must read for King fans.
the dark tower I: the gunslinger I read everything Stephen King. this series I read many years ago and now that he has finished since so much time passed in between I decided to re-read the 1st 5. I have read 1,2,3 and almost done with 4. Leaves me on the edge of my seat I can't wait to find out the ending.
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AWESOME THIS BOOK KEPT ME GLUED TO IT UNTILL I WAS DONE. MAN IF YOU DON'T LISTEN TO ANYTHING ELSE I SAY, READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good introduction to a series This book was a very decent introduction to a cool series. It wasn't one of my favorite King books, but as far as world-building goes, it really hit the spot.
a review of 'The Gunslinger' OVERALL COMMENTS: Worth reading if you a ready to tackle the 7-novel Dark Tower Series, but not critical. Well-written story but goes nowhere fast. PLOT: A bad-ass gunslinger (wild west type) from an alternate Earth-like world is slowly and methodically chasing a mystery 'man in black' across the desert. He is not sure why he is chasing the man but somehow knows he holds the answers to the strange universe the gunslinger finds himself in. On the way, he must battle possessed and demented inhabitants of this world that seems post-apocalyptic and just a bit off-kilter. PROS: A story with an addictive curiousity about it. Well-written at the ground-level. CONS: Slow moving. Nothing much of importance is revealed until the very end and then its still a bit confusing. Not that exciting. PERSONAL NOTE: I get the feeling King was just exploring a vague notion of a plot while writing this and this was more of a creative writing exercise that he decided to continue with. Now that I've read the second book, I realize I could have skipped this one completely.
A quick read and a simple plot. Even slow readers will have no problem plowing through this book. It's important to come into this book not expecting a WoT, SoT, or ASOIAF. Although the paperback version is some 300 pages, it would be about 150 pages in the same font and typeface as the others. If you read this book, simply expect a character introduction and a very enjoyable (extended) short story. This book was definitely a good change of pace from other books that I've read. There isn't too much fluff and pretty much everything that happens is explained thoroughly and not excessively. There isn't too much going on in the plot: there's one man, and one objective. There are only a few flashbacks and they are all fully integrated and understandable withing the context of the quest. There's no huge build-up that the world is about to end, only a simple struggle of man against man. If you are expecting a huge, epic journey from the start, you may be disappointed. If you want to read a book that gives a solid introduction into an epic journey, pick this book up and I assure you that you will pick up book 2.
Oh, Roland, how noble the night! One wonders at what point in this narrative King determined to expand his tale. it appears early on as though headed for a traditional conclusion but somewhere towards center one senses a slowing, literary palaver.
A great book and a good start for great story I just finished re-reading The Gunslinger. I must confess that when I read it for the first time I was not impressed. I have decided to re-read it after I have read the first 4 books and Surprise! Surprise! it was much more interesting. I think the reason behind it is that I have got to know Roland better from the book 4 - Wizard and Glass (about his past). It helped to understand The Gunslinger. In the introduction and foreword of this new edition S. King mentions The Lord of the Rings a few times and that he wanted to write as great book or better. To tell truth, while reading the following books, I felt an influence of Tolkien, which is a positive sign. This edition is very well made. It has a beautiful dust jacket and many "odd" pictures inside. They are trying to convey some of the ideas of the book but sometimes they are so obscure it is hard to understand what the artist wanted to tell us. All in all, in my opinion The Gunslinger is a great book and a good start for great story.
Stephen King is brilliant to say the least!!! Well when I first heard about The Gunslinger, and the whole Dark Tower series I was pretty skeptical and wondered where Stephen King was going with the whole idea. But, being that I am a big King fan, I thought that I should go ahead and read The Gunslinger to see just how good it is. That was one of the best decisions that I have ever made(as far as reading is concerned). It is hard to say whether this book is one of literature, western, fantasy, or just another one of Stephen King's amazing craftmanships. The only disappointment that I had with the book is just how slow-moving it is, and how it seems to be holding off alot for the future. On the other hand, that is what makes this book work so well and nearly impossible to put down. I will definately read the next couple of books in the Dark Tower series hoping to get another great response from them. If any of you are curious about how good it is, you might as well just go ahead and read it to see what I mean. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! Well I guess you could be if you know nothing about books. :)
An enjoyable read A very solid book that sets the theme for the series. I enjoyed how King has woven together Western, SciFi and Fantasy genres in this first volume.
THE FIRST OF A GREAT SERIES My son picked up this book because someone left it under his desk in his Accounting class. My son is in 11th grade and is 16. He started reading it and couldn't put it down. He had never read Stephen King before, but he has seen many Stephen King movies and enjoyed them. My son doesn't usually pick up books for enjoyment, he only reads books if it is assigned for school. He read a lot of the book the first night, but realized that the person who left the book in his Accounting class, would miss the book, so he returned the book to school the next day. The next day I bought him the book so he could finish reading it. He enjoyed reading the book over Christmas break and now has taken out of the school library Stephen King's second in the Dark Tower series titled The Drawing of the Three. I recommend this book for anyone to read, but I especially recommend you get this book for a teenage boy to get them to read for enjoyment which is the best reason to read!
STRONG FICTION! THE GUNSLINGER is a book that tends to be hard to explain. It is a story about a gunslinger (there's a zinger!) who is searing for the "man in black" (and it isn't Will Smith!). Upon his journey, he befriends a little boy and is forced to examine himself. It was a very well written novel. It wasn't too long like many of King's novels tend to be. One of my favorite parts was when the gunslinger battles with the SLOW MUTANTS. This book is classic fiction. It's different from a lot of the mainstream fantasy in so many ways. 1) It's dark fantasy. To be taken seriously. 2) It's not one of those "Oh, but it will have a happy ending" type novels. 3) It's real. So real you can actually walk through the pages. The illustrations were good too. If you'rw wondewring why this version costs more than a few of the others it's because of the picture. I think it's better with the pictures. It's meant to be illustrated. Buy this book. It's on of those you'll be proud to have collecting dust on your book- shelf.
very good Stephen King added a new twist to his writing humor. This book is a solidly good from start to finish. As they say a "must read".
Stephen King shows off his talents Many people have heard of The Dark Tower. I am currently reading the series, and I will publish a review for each book as I read them. This is the first book in the long series, and it really makes me hungry for more. Warning: this review will have spoilers. The Good: The characters are realistic and belivable. Roland really does feel guilt for his actions. He makes some really hard choices in this book, like having to sacrifice Jake in order to get to the Man in Black. Several questions are raised: how much does Roland really want to give up if it means getting to the Dark Tower? There are some very suspenseful scenes (my favorite was the chapter with the Slow Mutants) and some sad ones (having to kill his girlfriend to spare her a miserable life, sacrificing Jake, etc.). The Man in Black hightens the suspense when he propechies Roland's future. The Bad: Nothing was bad about this book! In short, this novel was awesome, and I cannot wait to buy the next few books in the series.
King, but not entirely like King. One of the 10 best "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." For whatever reason, it's the most memorable opening line I've read. This is the first book in King's post-apocalyptic/parallel worlds Dark Tower series. The gunslinger is a character inspired by the Man with No Name that Eastwood played in the cinema. Certainly he is one of King's best characters. This story melds magic and firearms in an unforced, entertaining way. It's written in a dry, dusty style that suits the gunslinger perfectly. Aside from the fact that the book is very entertaining in its own right, King fans simply MUST read the Dark Tower books, because these days, ALL his other books at least make reference to the Tower, if they aren't extremely intertwined, like Hearts in Atlantis and Black House. These references in other books are like big fat Easter Eggs; you're finding unexpected rewards everywhere! This book is one I'd never do without. Go get it!
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger It was a fantastic book, great describing persons and everything else. It is the best book I've read. And it's King's best work so far.
The Dark Tower Awaits I started reading the Dark Tower series a few months ago. I am about halfway through and I have thoroughly enjoyed it so far. I purchased the updated and revised version of The Gunslinger and at first I was really annoyed with the book. Now that I am in book three of the story I overlook how I felt initially, but for those preparing to start the series understand that The Gunslinger is by far the slowest and most difficult book to read. The book follows the Gunslinger across a desert and in between words following the mysterious Man In Black. Even though the book is at points slow there are some really great moments that are very relevant in the entire story. I am reading the Waste Lands right now and a lot of what takes place in the Gunslinger is still relevant to the story. Reservations aside I recommend this book wholeheartedly. The storytelling is top notch and the world that Stephen King created is rich in detail and large in scope.
Great read. The incredible & strange imagination of Stephen King combined with his ability paint vivid pictures with words makes this a great read.
Can be read as a single book While this is the first in a seven part series, The Gunslinger has a different feel from the rest of the series and it can stand alone.
Stunning... a Masterpiece One of my greatest inspirations as a writer and an artist, The Gunslinger delivers hardcore. This tale is a post-apocalyptic fantasy that is gleaned from a mishmash of genres, fusing such unexpected time periods and societies as the Old West, medieval feudalism, and sci-fi futuristic. Roland, the figure that is central to the tale (and those that follow) is a stoic but tormented figure, part fairy story hero, part gritty Clint Eastwood antihero via Pale Rider or High Plains Drifter. Fans of numerous genres (fantasy, gothic, western, sci fi, post-apocalyptic, steampunk) will thrill at this can't-put-down read, which is refreshingly short for Mr. King (who has a tendency to pack a lot of unnecessary tangents and deadwood in with some of his novels). At under 250 pages, the book is a quick, but not too quick, adventure that will leave you thinking about the characters and their plight long after the last page has been turned.
Realization I find myself coming back to the "Gunslinger" as a reference book for all of the DT books and those that are related. I thoroughly enjoyed the Gunslinger and the more I read it the more I see Stephen King daydreaming a reoccuring dream and putting it on paper. I found there had to be more to the story and am elated that he has written continuosly about this series, either along the Dark Tower series or others such as "The Stand", "Salem's Lot" (Which I am reading again now),"Rose Madder" ...etc. I have almost wanted to go back in time and study his writings but find I would probably go mad and end up in "End World" right the with the rest of you and the King himself (Stephen King that is). I have been lucky enough to find an original hardcover printing of the "Gunslinger" numbered and all. It may not be pristine but it is a jewel to be treasured. I wish you all "long days" and will meet you at the "Tower".
A dissapointment. Mostly boring. “Gunslinger” is book one of Stephen King’s Dark Tower series. I believe there are eight books in the series. Not sure if that’s the end or if there are more books to come – and probably won’t find out. I was completely disappointed with this book. I read a lot, but I’ve not read a lot of King. The two books that I did read by him were years ago. I came into this one with high expectations because the book was pretty well reviewed and because Stephen King is known as one of the most popular and prolific authors of our time. Unfortunately what I hoped would be a masterpiece was disappointing in almost every way. In this book, King uses a lot of words but never really says anything. The story opens with “Gunslinger” walking across the desert chasing after “the man in black”. It’s not till three quarters of the way through the book that we even find out who “Gunslinger” is – ninety percent before we find out who “the man in black” is. There is very little to no plot development. It’s just Gunslinger constantly traveling through mostly deserted towns and landscapes looking for the man in black. Half the book takes place when Gunslinger stops in a little town and shacks up with the girl who owns the bar there for about a week. After he leaves there, he meets up with a boy living by himself in the middle of nowhere and adds him to his entourage (now consisting of two). Together they continue to chase the man in black. The last ten percent of the book is better than the rest and once we do finally get a few answers and have some things start to happen, it does make me curious to find out a little more about the dark tower. That said, I don’t know that it makes me curious enough to risk trudging through another mostly boring book. Probably done with this series.
A trip through the unknown world of desolate edification. What a read this book is. From the opening sentence to the final word it is gripping and disturbing. Painting a world that the reader is glad to not be apart of, yet fascinated to read about, the story creeps along slowly revealing the protagonist and his intention. Only in the last chapter do we find out what has been happening to him and why he is on this journey. If it is a success is up to the reader to determine, but it definately fullfills its potential with a spellbinding conversation that is as provokative as Aurthor C Clarke's 2001: A Space Odysse. A remarkable tail of travel that's a combination of magic, mystery and journey, a mysterious hero and a dark and equivicol villian. This is just the begginning of the remarkable tale of the dark tower that King has yet to complete. Four episodes have been released so far and i have just started the drawing of the three. Hope you dig itr as much as i did.
enough to keep me interested There was enough going on to keep me interested and looking forward to the next book. I would recommend to any fan of the rings
slow going Highly recommended by a friend I trust, but I am finding it slow to grab my interest and tough to invest in the gunslinger, but that is typical of King's protagonists for me. I shall give the next book in this series a shot.
One of the most genuinely gripping books of all time I have read The Gunslinger four times now. Every time that I read it, I tell myself, "It's time to read the entire series." But for some reason I always quit after this, the first novel in the series. I'm still not sure why I have never continued on with the other books, but I am currently on another mission to read the entire Dark Tower saga. After finishing The Gunslinger (again) I think that I finally realized why I haven't gone on to finish the series. I think that I am afraid to find out the answers to all the questions posed in this amazing novel. I'm just afraid that I'll be disappointed with the ultimate answers. The conversation at the end of this novel is totally amazing and completely invigorating on an intellectual level. So how can Stephen King possibly follow it all up? I hope that he does in a grand fashion. Because this time, I intend to find out those answers.
It's the beginning of a fascinating tale. Stephen King embarks in a very long tale that only begins in this book and is supposed to take 5 or 6 other books to finish. Reading this book you have to understand that it is merely the beginning, and yet it is a very good book in itself. In "The Gunslinger" you enter the life of the last gunslinger in a world that has "moved on", in his quest for the "Dark Tower" which in my opinion symbolizes the domain of the universe, some form of heaven. In this first book the gunslinger follows the man in black, who is his enemy. It takes you a while to understand and identify yourself with the gunslinger's world, but when you do, you can't get enough of it. I recommend it if you are planning on reading the others that follow. I am currently reading the third (The Waste Lands), and I have to say that you really get hooked when you are reading the second book
Review for Unabridged Audiotape version 1) Too bad King read his own book. A professional actor/reader would have made this so much more interesting than King's droning voice. The Insomnia auidobook was much more interesting to listen to. 2) I quite midstream as the story just was confusing at times with little or no information on the world created. Some parts mirror our world and others don't. 3) The one thing I did like is that there was a real sense of dread around each bend. You didn't know what traps the Man in Black had laid for the Gunslinger and this is what kept me going at least to the mid-point. I had become disenchanted with King's work about 7 years ago and this is the first thing I came back to since then. I felt disappointed to the point that unless I have three really good friends whoes' opinions I trust tell me to read a particular King book...only then will I give King another chance.
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger Ths is an interesting storyline, and having read the whole Dark Tower series before, it's an easy read. One I'd recommend.
the beginning of a saga For the first book, it starts off slow but picks up pace near the end setting up the next chapter which is much better
A Great Premise With a Rough Start In this first installment of Stephen King's Dark Tower series, we're introduced to a desert landscape where, as King cryptically explains, the world has moved on. For reasons unknown, the gunslinger, Roland Deschain, must find the dark tower and to do that he must catch a nefarious and enigmatic character from his past: the man in black. It's all pretty vague, and the narrative tends to be as thin as the volume itself, particularly when Roland's pursuit leads him out of the desert with a young companion, Jake, who he stumbled upon along the way. This isn't to say The Gunslinger is a bad book, and it certainly can't be called boring. As simple as The Gunslinger's premise is, it's extremely effective at keeping the reader engrossed, and King sets up some really terrific scenes along the way. Unfortunately, King appears to be fumbling to figure out what his story is about. Mashing elements of fantasy and western together turns out to be an intriguing concept but, between bland flashbacks that provide plenty of action but paltry character insight and a complete lack of limitations on what this fantasy world cannot be, The Gunslinger feels undercooked. In his introduction King seems to be aware of this and comments that he has gone back and tuned the story up a bit, but clearly there's only so much that can be done. Ultimately, the book's small size is its greatest asset and liability. Rather than the first installment of a series, The Gunslinger feels like only the first few shaky chapters, establishing little more than a basic premise. But if you're on board with the premise, you're sure to pick up the next installment.
Surreal and Involving This book was not a pleasure to read, nor did it have a particularly strong plot, but that's okay, because those aren't the point here. This novel is about a character (the Gunslinger), and an idea (the world has moved on). The world is surreal and involving, invoking the imagination and the mind. This book is more than an anthology, but less than a picaresque -- it's a series of occurences which are related but separate, each further defining and revealing the gunslinger, his past, his world, and his quest to find the mysterious "man in black," who will somehow guide him to the magical Dark Tower. This is actually the first Stephen King novel that I've read that I've liked. It is alluring, refreshing, and thought-provoking, marred only by spelling and grammatical errors -- glammer rather than glamour, etc.
Gunslinger is a page turner The Gunslinger is a book that exceded my predictions. Stephen King did an excellent job of connecting the characters so that they seemed real life people. The book is about a gunslinger named Roland who is in search of "the dark tower" which is a place where he is destined to go for some unknown reason. In the beginning chapters there is great action scene of Roland taking out an entire town of people. The antaginist in this story is "the man in black" who Roland sees as somebody acting against him, but in reality he acts as sort of a guide to Roland. There are also many characters in the story such as boy who Roland befriends and takes him along on his travels. You also learn more about Rolands past and other characters involved. I gave The Gunslinger 4 stars which is a rating that this book deserves.
The beginning or the saga!! The beginning of one of the best series ever! This was a gift for my father. I love all of the dark tower books!
Excellent A great start to a great series. Roland is one of stephen kings deepest and most fascinating characters. Bravo!
Badass book; nuff said Well, maybe there is more to say cuz this book is one pardon the phrase "badass mofo". It has it all: action, drama, suspense, romance, just everything you think of when you think of a hardcore Clint Eastwood Bonanza movie vibe. Roland is a great main character too, real fresh-faced killer mentality with a hint of compassion at the same time for the less fortunate along the way in the journey, or his love interest Alice who he has to end up killing ironically. To sum this piece up a must read for those hardcore King fans like myself or just if you like a good mysterious plot-twisting tale of dark wizardry and zigzags throughout. Good stuff and I'm not even an avid reader either, imagine that, it's just that easy to get involved, go hed phonics monkeys, join in. lol peace out
The Journey to end all Journeys Though not a typical Stephen King in the sense of the macabre and horrifying tales we're used to, this book snagged me back when I was in the 7th grade. It was the most amazing tale that I had ever read and I waited, on the edge of me seat, for all of the subsequent novels to follow. King has been writing this tale, and linking it to so many other books of his, that the full scope of Roland's journey is incredible. The entire series is a must read for usual King fans as well as everyone else. It's not horrifying and 'mess yourself' scary - it's beyond. I've read thousands of books in my time and this tale, the full tale of Roland and his fellow travelers, is by far the favorite of all time for me...
Mixed Feelings I've read the whole series, and honestly that is the only way that this book can be appreciated. When spoken of in the context of the series it is a magnificent piece of work that leads your mind into realms of thought that you never knew existed. However, when it is looked at as a single book it is fairly weak. It ends with only a hint of closure that the dark man was found. As another reviewer has stated this easily could have been merely added onto the second part of the series (The Drawing of the three), and then it would have bolstered the strength of both stories. My four stars are generous when they rate just this book, but when used as a rating for what it fortells of what is to come, it is a pitiful grading scale because mere stars cannot define its impact.
The beginning of a very long tale. I picked up a copy of The Gunslinger to read on the airplane when I took my family to Disney World this summer. On December 5, I completed the last book of the Dark Tower series. If you don't have time or desire to read the 4000+ pages of DT, walk away now. The Gunslinger is a little slow to read because it is written backwards, you meet up with the main character after most of the action in the book has come to pass and then go in reverse back through the story. There is a lot of time spent developing characters that never enter the story after book one of the series. The Dark Tower is a great series and if you have the time and patience to read it, it is worth the effort. The Gunslinger is an interesting tale but you really are only getting started when the book ends.
Somewhat confusing as you read it, but looking back it really sticks with you. I read about 100 pages of this, stopped it, then after reading some reviews on the collection of books in this story, decided to muddle through. It was hard for me to get through it, but once I did, it really left an impression with me. It's hard to explain, but looking back after having read all 7 of the books, this one is most certainly a great start. It sets a mood that just clicked with me. I really didn't appreciate it as much as I read it or even right after I read it. Really it did not resonate with me until I was into the 3rd or 4th book. Anyway, as I know other reviewers have pointed out, the first of the series is the hardest to get through, but once you do, you'll quickly be rewarded for it and looking back will likely remember this book more fondly.
I'm Hooked...and I'm Sure they Get Better I recently finished "The Gunslinger," which I knew would lead me on a 12-book journey. I started all of this because I am a Stephen King fan and because my nephew bought me the first three Dark Tower books for Christmas last year (I did hestitate a little). I was interested from page one and knew I was hooked! I now know I'll be finishing this series. As is typical of Stephen King, the characters were lovable. However, the book got a little wordy and boring near the end. It was somewhat confusing, as though King wasn't quite able to clearly describe what was going on in his imagination as he wrote this. But still, the book remained interesting enough to finish, the characters were great, and I feel it's worth moving on to book number 2.
Roland It took me a bit of scepticisim and some hard work to get through this book, but by the end I was convinced that there was some hope, and that Stephen King wasn't a bad writer after all. I read On Writing first by him, and was hooked, by line and sinker on that one. His poetry freed my mind and taught me a little something that I didn't know before. Something different. I really liked Roland to be the bad guy in good situations. I didn't know how to respond to that! I was touched and I was intrigued all at the same time. I liked a lot how King depicted the people he met along the way in Tull, and then the way they died...very vivd I might say. 4 Thumbs up Mr. King!
could not stop reading The Gunslinger I have not read any Stephen King in many years; a reference to the number 19 and The Gunslinger, by a coworker, got me curious. Now, I am hooked. The Gunslinger is neither a western novel nor a horror novel in the classic sense of either of those genres; it is more of a combination of fantasy and suspense with a splash of the horrific and a touch of the western. Excellent character development kept me worried as to what was going to happen next. The use of Old West objects, and some mid-century technology, in this future world made the world of the gunslinger bizarre and familiar at the same time. I am trying to tell you how cool the Gunslinger and his world is without giving anything away - this is not as easy as I thought.
THE SLOWEST KING BOOK EVER! I have been told and so many of the reviews have stated that this is the most difficult book of the Tower series to get through. That's an understatement. I've plodded through it however, trying to absorb the content enough to have a basis for what I understand are much greater books to follow in this series. I tried reading this when it first came out and put it down quite quickly as it was so dull. I've now managed to get through it on tape and am relieved it's over. I realize it's the foundation for the rest of the series, but I wish I could have skipped it. If the next in the series is this droll, I'll have to eliminate these works from my King favorites. Struggle through it and perhaps you'll enjoy it more than I did.
It's ok... Completely read the dark tower series already but I did so on audiobooks, I just bought this because I like having copies of books ive read so I can show off to people that I read. I like Steven King and think he's a great writer, but overpopularized (but just the way he comes out with books so often is something that's hard to do). This book was ok but I recommend some of his better works like the Tommyknockers, Revival and Doctor Sleep (which is a sequel to the Shining).
The Dark Tower I\The Gunslinger The Gunslinger in my opion is one of Kings best written novels. In this book you are taken to a mythical world where "the world has moved on." While reading this book you meet up with Roland. Roland is the last of the gunsligners in his world. He is on a quest to find the dark tower and set his world right. Then theres Jake, A boy from our world voilently thrust into the Rolands. Jake is the key to the man in black. The man in black is a mysterious man whom Roland has been chasing for a long time. The man in black is a magiacan of sorts and was behind Rolands tormenter in a way. All in all, this book(one of Kings best) is worth the reading
king = hotdogs Stephen King books are like hotdogs - you want one every 5 years and then wonder why you bothered.
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger The Gunslinger is the first novel of this epic series, The Dark Tower. The Dark Tower shows stephen Kings's excellent achievment.I recomend reading this book. A few of the characters are Roland and Jake Chambers. Roland was Jake Chambers predecesor and a gunslinger. Jake is the boy that Roland met at the Way Station. Jake was hit by a cadillac in the other world,because Roland chose to pursuit the man in black rather than save him. Other characters are Cort, The Man in Black. Cort was Roland's teacher in Tull. The Man in Black has no true identity. I really enjoyed reading this book, when you start reading you really get hooked into it and dont want to put the book down.
Kings best and most obscure The series was mostly in the shadow of kings other works based on the notion that its a western. However the series takes place on many diffrent landscapes and worlds and is a clash of the desolate land Roland the gunslinger is now traveling in and ours. Roland is hot on the tails of the Man in Black who Rolands believes has a key to his true goal the mythical Dark Tower which is in fact existence and the trouble over there is causing problems in his world and many others. The book shows a man who is so determined to reach the tower youll be suprised of the sacrifices he makes and the horrors hes ready to commit for it.
don't worry, it gets better I started reading this book three years ago, at the age of 13. I got 60 pages into it before it was stolen, but I remembered loving it. When I finally got a new copy and read it again this year, I was let down. King explains that he wrote the book over 12 years at different times, and clearly his skill improved with time. The book is at varying levels of quality. The first part seems like a EC-comic western, with bizzare, degenerate characters and bleak, unexplained culture. The book crawls along until the pulse-quickening fourth part, "The Slow Mutants" and the hallucinegenic final chapter. It's a short book, and quick reading, but it's a weak introduction to the Dark Tower series.
I really enjoyed this book I really enjoyed this book, Stephen King just has a way of drawing you in and not letting go.
A slow start to an impressive undertaking In this first installment of Stephen King's Dark Tower epic we meet Roland, the center of the ka-tet on its way to the Dark Tower. In this chapter, Roland is on the tail of the man in black, chasing him across a vast wasteland in order to confront him. This series is Stephen King's masterpiece. In my mind, Stephen King's multiverse rivals, but of course, cannot surpass, Tokien's Middle Earth. This first book is a bit slow at the start, but is worth working through for the mind-bending ending and of course the following books, which, in my mind, each surpass the previous book. King's series is an immense undertaking, which he has, sadly, said might be his last works.
Modern Magic Realism This is a fun frolic into the early dream world of Stephen King. It's magical realism says that anything can happen in this book, that nothing is taken for granted, and for that reason the reader is absorbed. This writing approach reminds this reader of "The Morning Tree," by Austin Reams. The Morning Tree "The Gunslinger" is clearly King's first books because the plot appears to be created from moment to moment. There is no distinct end: rather each chapter seems to stand on its own as a short story, which is not a detraction. The subsequent books in this series are reportedly more developed. This reader looks forward to them all.
Very Good Book I find King's writing hard to get into, but, the Gunslinger was a book I couldn't put down.
Not as good as it could be I admire Stephen King tremendously for his writing skill, but I thought "The Gunslinger" was something of a disappointment. It's a lot shorter than his other books (it only took me 4 days), but that may be a good thing in this case, since the story seems to wander with no purpose. There are veiled references to some things in Roland's past, but hardly anything is revealed. There are several mentions of the Tower, but nothing is explained until almost the end, and even then it's vague and doesn't fill out the story nearly as well as I expected. I just picked up the second installment of the story, and I've heard it's a lot better. I hope so.
In one word - captivating! For some reason I've put of reading Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" for quite some time now. Many people have recommended the series, but I guess I've been biased: I didn't think Stephen King would be able to write a good fantasy novel, let alone a series. I was wrong. Dead wrong. From the first sentence, "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed", I knew I was hooked. Just shy of a week later I had nearly completed the first four books of the series. And in my opinion, that's a great review in itself. If you like fantasy novels, mystery, a bit of horror and good old western tales (be it books or movies), this is a book for you!
The Beginning but not the End. I remember picking this book up the first time when I was 12 and being scared by the opening scene. Who was the man in black? And why did Clint Eastwood want to catch him? I waited years in between books as King decided if he wanted to finish the series. Unfortunately he got into that car accident and decided to rush the last three books which gave the series a whiplash finish. But to be sure, the first 4 books in this series are amazing and could stand up to any other epic book series. But this book has a feel different than the others. This one is raw, real and filled with the love of a young Stephen King who just wanted to create his own world.
Five Stars Excellent story to start the Dark Tower series. Many plot lines set up in the first book.
just great I have no words. Just read it. The Dark Tower serie is the best (if any) of Stephen King
Not one of Kings Best, but it has possibilites I must admit that I am used to Kings books being faster paced with a lot of information about the characters. This book was not like that. Roland is a gunslinger trying to get to The Dark Tower. The book leads you through the desert of Rolands world with a few flashbacks to younger times. The flashbacks were interesting as I was always feeling that I wanted more information about Roland, the main character. I guess I will have to read the rest of the series to find out more. All in all this book is an ok start to the series "The Dark Tower" and I will read the next book "The Drawing of the Three" to see where King leads Roland.
Not your usual King This novel is an expansion of a short story of the same name. The gunslinger Roland, is on a quest. The bad guy is none other than Randall Flag (The Stand), a truly evil character, King's best villian. The story, though is rambling and unstructured. There is the feeling that the fleshing out of this excellent short work into novel form was rushed. A few more revisions prior to release and this would have been work worthy of standing with King's best. All in all, a good read for King fans. If you are going to try him for the first time, (Where have you been, in a cave?) then try The Night Shift, his best short story collection
Review? It's a King... what else?. Stephen King is a master of his genre. There is nothing that can be compared with him. Maybe I could say Poe or Lovecraft, but I think its no use in comparing. He is just King... Stephen King.
ESSENTIAL If you are not familiar with the D.T. series you owe it to yourself to read the THE GUNSLINGER first, before any of the others. Sure it's weird a little at first and kinda hard to get into, but the information and relationship you form with Roland is vital (in my opinion) for you to be fully engulfed in the rest of the series. I really loved the DT series and will be recommending it to people for all my days. He is a master of his craft (well .... both Roland and Stephen actually) and by reading this first you will feel the full flow of the story, just as ol'Stevo would have hoped I'm sure.
Amazing I read all books in this series and I was disappointed with the ending. To be fair, I think it's because I had unreal expectations. Up until the last book this series was my favorite (above The Lord of the Rings and the Ender's Game series). The only problem I had was his last book, but only because of how great the six books preceding the finale are. King does a great job of character development throughout the whole series and in some of the gunfights it really feels like you're there along with the characters pulling the trigger. Despite the last book I love this series and recommend it to anyone who asks about it.
Introduction This book is a very strange book. Stephen King can write strange stuff but this is way out there. It takes place in a parallel unverse to ours, I think. This book is an introduction to the Dark Tower series of which there are 4 books so far. This one tells part of Roland's (the last Gunslinger) journey across a vast desert to catch up with the man in black. He meets a boy, Jake, from our world and befriends him. Most of it is the Gunslinger reflecting on some of his journey and some of his childhood. There isn't too much action until the last 50 pages or so. Alone it isn't too good but it fits in with the series.
The Gunslinger - The dark Tower Bk 1 Excellent! It took forever to get the 1st book on CD. Now my collection is complete.
The beginning of an epic journey. The start of king's magnum opus, the dark tower, the gunslinger. Very quickly the reader is sucked into rolands universe. A gunslinger in a dieing world where at first we don't know very much except that he's chasing the man in black across the desert. The book then starts to feed us bits and pieces of the gunslingers back story and introduces us to a few characters from his past we have not yet met but are starting to learn about. I thought this was a fantastic novel, and enjoyed it from the first page all the way to the back cover. Very well written and imaginative, the gunslinger is a triumph! Read it now.
Hard to rate This one was hard to rate. It's a very strange book. There is some fantastic characterization, as always with King, but then again the story barely makes sense at times. One thing I didn't like was the "fated" feel of everyone in the story. It damaged my suspension of disbelief, as I felt the author was so clearly making everything up and shaping it so things had to go his exact way. In short, there is some fantastically good imagery, and some might love it, but I didn't get drawn into the story because I found people to surreal.
Short. But a good read. The Gunslinger is book about a super-hero persuing an arch villan in another dimension. It's like a darker version of the Batman comics. Everything about it is unoriginal. The most unoriginal character is The Man in Black. People who see UFO's have reported being visited by mysterious "men in black" since the 1950's. The 1997 feature length film was based on a comic book. The Gunslinger is just Superman fighting Lex Luther. The other characters are stupid and don't do anything. Other than that, it has a very thin plot. I mean, why is the Gunslinger fighting The Man in Black anyway?
Just what I was looking for Over the past 6 months I have been reading Stephen King's Dark Tower series, today I have finally finished his last book of the series; and, it did not dissapoint. I am already missing reading about Roland and his epic quest to see the dark tower, King managed to keep me hooked in the whole way and rarely was there dull moment. The first book in the series 'The Gunslinger', was a nice and short entry into the beginning of Roland's quest, leaving me desperately wanting more. This book came highly recommended to me by a friend and now I am highly recommending it to any one reading this review.
The Best of Fiction - I Set My Watch and Warrant On It. I can't rate this without considering the books that follow, but what I can say is that this tale is a magnificent one. Beyond a doubt my favorite story, however desolate and terrifying the world, one that draws together the very center of being and taps into a great many truths behind fiction. If you're looking for adventure, agony, kindness, cruelty, nobility, mystery, horror, romance and a great deal of deep thought (and quite a bit more) dig in and read this series. Way to go Stephen, I know it wasn't easy, but you did it. Now you can breathe...or as someone else might say "Kiyit Ephen"
King is a masterful storyteller "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." If you can resist an opening sentence like that, you have more willpower than I. The Gunslinger begins The Dark Tower series, which follows Roland's quest to reach the nexus of all universes. Since King finished the seven volume series in 2004, it's safe to start reading! I also would highly recommend George Guidall or Frank Muller's narrations. (Nota Bene: This is NOT a horror series or story. King may be best known for writing horror novels, but he is a masterful storyteller and writer in other genres too!)
Amazing Series on Par with GOT Amazing series. On par with Game of Thrones books yet different in a good way
three out of five? Love Stephan King's writing style. He is a truly gifted storyteller and poet. With that being said I don't feel as though he gives you enough substance to satiate the deep hunger of what the $&@& is going on. Will I keep reading more books in the series?... Maybe... But begrudgingly.
I don't get it, but maybe one day I will My review is immature at best. I tried reading this, and after three chapters--even though the timing and the seasons was right (awfully hot in late September)--I gave up. A lot of people online say that you definitely shouldn't start with The Dark Tower for Stephen King. I wanted dreadfully to get into this. I've read The Hobbit and the three Lord of the Rings books by Tolkein, Philip K Dick's Man in the High Castle (highly enjoyable, if a bit too nerdy, not being experienced enough with scifi literature yet myself), and quite enjoy fantasy. Actually, this includes Harry Potter and Redwall, whose series I've gone into indepth; of course those may be a bit kiddish and amateur compared, not to mention quite based in reality with a touch of magic, or creatures. I'm afraid that I couldn't enjoy the sparse prose. I really think King himself ruined this for me when he compared DT to his 19 year-old take on The Good, The Bad and The Ugly, a Sergio Leone film which I quite enjoy from the same time in my life. Actually, adding Stephen King's dark world view to the comic world of Leone--even if he means it to be serious, it takes enough of a leap from reality that I find it tragic and funny--should be perfect. Again then, my regrets at missing DT. Like I may have already mentioned, people online say you SHOULD NOT START STEPHEN KING WITH THE DARK TOWER SERIES. I'm instead reading Skeleton Crew, and like the author of that Onion article insisted, have read first Survivor Type, and The Raft (I still have the chills all down my body from that one). I now understand King's diction much better. In DT 1, he at first seems obscure and bewildering. Now I see that SK has a certain way of writing, which I now can appreciate better. Thrillery, almost nihilistic, a mile from Clive Cussler, but much darker; writing without resolve, despairingly deep and awful; pure horror. Anyways, just my take after three chapters of this and SC. If I were a new reader, I think I'd keep with the advice about Skeleton Crew. Best to get introduced to what SK does best before spending weeks on DT 1. But if there are any comments about where exactly DT gets started to rolling, I'd find that helpful. I definitely want to come back to this after reading the essential parts of SC and probably Pet Sematary for my own inclination towards creature/supernatural horror.
Fascinating blend of genres. This blend of sci-fi meets western might not be what is expected from everybody's favorite boogieman, but the way the story unravels page by page will keep you enthralled. As Roland journeys from his home after the world moves on, he sees things he never dreamt of, but discovers that the lessons of his childhood serve him well in any situation. The quest for the Dark Tower, the nexus of worlds becomes his obsession. Long time Stephen King readers will find nuances and innuendos from previous stories interwoven into the story line. Fantastic read.
You have to read this one a couple of times. This is a hard book to rate. It kind of starts in the middle of nowhere and the middle of nothing. The first time I read it I was tempted to give up on it a lot. I kept wondering where is this happening, when is this happening and what the hell is going on? But we meet Roland in the middle of his adventure. My advice is to read it, no matter how confused you get, then read the next 2 in the series and then re-read the first one. It'll make a lot more sense the second time around. Overall, I think it's an excellent intro into Roland's world.
A good yarn with lots of twists I usually never read Stephen King books. However, I was intruiged by the title of book 4, so i bought it and when i realized it was part of a series, i ran out and bought books 1 & 2. I started book one and was immediately drawn in to the world that he created. The character of Roland seems to be very deep--i never know when something from his past is going to come up. I didn't like the character of Jake. I don't really see what overall purpose he served--other than the one he did. I can't wait to start the next book.
This series has brought King back to may reading list I had stopped reading Stephen King becuase it seemed like everything he was writting was just a rehash of his earlier stuff. He was using cookie cutter characters and catering to the mass market. My wife was reading this series and kept talking about it. I picked it up and was glad I did. King was back. The characters in this book were different and you cared about them. The story was something that King hadn't done before and it was something you wanted to read. I couldn't wait to get on to the next ones. They are all great.
GOOD ENDING The ending is what makes this book worth reading. For the most part it is pretty tough to get interested because there are only 2 characters and you can't really relate with either of them. And for the most part nothing happens, just a whole lot of walking accross the desert. Its not exciting in the least. But you do get sucked in just because you want to know what is going on and you don't have any idea until you reach the end of the book. I loved the ending so much I have already begun reading the second book.
Not as good as I'd thought it would be. Considering all the hype and talk about this series, I was expecting this book to be a lot better. I've since read the second and third books and I think the series does get better (the third is my favorate so far). Still, I can't see why it's garnered such support when there are a lot of books out there just as good, if not better. Roland is a good character, but sometimes I think some of the reviewers here have never read anything but a Stephen King book. "The Gunslinger" is not bad but overrated.
Addictive! This is just the beginning of an awesome journey! I actually began this series out of order, but once you start you can't stop! I'm jonesin' for they newest installment of the saga! This is the kind of King only the fans know about, not all out horror he's so popular for. This is a great work of fantasy, and there are hints of it in other stories that all link together for what is already a masterpiece though has not concluded! It's very addictive, I've went back and read each book in the series twice.
An interesting turn An interesting turn for King. Not your typical fantasy, but not your typical horror novel either. It's both, and has a Western flavor to it. It's hard to describe, other than saying the story is intriguing. Why is he reaching the Dark Tower? Who is the man in black? What are these prophecies? Where do they come from? What is the gunslinger's purpose? Is this one giant allegory? These are just a few of the many answered questions that this series provides. A thrilling read.
Best of best Stephen King's writing is always good and satisfying even when his stories are dull (Rose Madder and Gerald's Game) He is really a hell of writer and when he is at his best, he is unbeatable. This series is without doubt one of the best things the 20th and 21th century will see in literary armageddon. Start with this; be patient and fliy with Ronald up to the seventh book (which is to be published soon)
great beginning to an incredible epic Wonderful beginning to an epic fantasy series. As a note to fans of fantasy, this not like any other fantasy series, at least none that I am aware of. The hero is not Aragorn. The hero is a man warped by his quest. Warped into committing acts or allowing acts to take place that we would find reprehinsible. In summary this is a fantasy epic with the dark tint that you would expect from Stephen King.
Not your usual Stephen King but one of the Bes! ! ! First off I'm sick of all the wannabe writers who have to wright a huge reveiew so lets cut to the chase. This book is great with a great story and a great character that keeps you turning pages. Yes this book does leave you asking a lot of questions but it's supposed to do that for the sequels. I already started the next one which is already great and I am already looking forward to the next two.
Achieving the Tower I had difficulties following the story at times, but couldn't seem to put the book down for any length of time. As it progressed, I found myself picking it up and reading "just a few more pages". By the time I finished, I had already ordered the next book in the series, and today ordered the next two. ... If you have patience to wade through some of the areas that are occasionally slow and/or difficult to follow, this is an enjoyable story that will hook you on the series.
Weak Start for an Epic Series This review is based on the original version. In my mind this is a very weak book. I found it very difficult to get through and disjointed. Having said that if you can make it to the second one you will be rewarded for the time invested in this one. The series just keeps getting better and better. King does a great job in making you care about Roland and his Ka-Tet. I have loved this series from the 2nd book to finish. You just have to make it through the first one.
King is the king! this book's language is so completely different from King's other books, that i wasn't even sure whether he really wrote this. his prose here is very threadbare (as opposed to his other books, where he tends to fill every space on the page). the books is quite short compared to other King books, but is immensely readable. it's a bit cryptic at first, but it gains on you slowly.
Enjoyable. Really good read, pulls you deeper into Stephen King's world.
Three Stars I know people love this book. I liked it but did not love it.
Not the best Sci-Fi/Fantasy but very good it is This Serie Is excellent, it provides a very easy entry into fantasy/sci-fi. altough it's always hard to understand in the beginning (all the parts of the serie I mean) all books get more interesting towards the end. It's like you get sucked in, and the best of King's trademarks, creating a whole imaginative world with words, is optimal in these books. "just"four stars, because of the hard start, for the rest it's very recommendable.
Great Read / A little difficult I've been told countless times to read the Dark Tower series, only hearing good things about it. I do have to say that I am glad I read the introduction to The Gunslinger. It helped me understand what I was to expect from the series and why this first book was so rough to read. Aside from the book being a little rough to understand, the actual story kept me wanting more. It did its job in making me want to read the next book in the series.
intriguing, but slow and convoluted Roland, the last gunslinger, pursues the man in black across a Western landscape, a land where time is winding down, meets up with a woman and a kid (from our world), and flashes back to his past and his destruction of an entire town. While the story has potential and intriguing imagery, it is written in so convoluted a manner that the characters and story suffers. I've been told that the sequels are much better, so I will try them. Grade: C
A Look Into the Heros Of The Past Or The Jedis Of Future ? This is truly an outsatanding book with so many twisits and turns. I wasn't sure if I was looking into the past or getting a glimps of the future! This book along with its three following sequells in the Dark Tower Series has left me longing for the series to continue. This book invites you to join Roland and his friends on great adventure and quest! A Great Book that will have you running back to get the second book in the series!
Necessary background, but not a great read The Dark Tower series is a must-read for Stephen King fans and The Gunslinger (Volume 1) is necessary to fully understand the back story and the rest of the works. That said, it's not that great a book on its own. It has a different feel and pace from the other books. Fortunately it's by far the shortest of the series. So put in the effort on this one to enjoy the rest of the series. I found The Drawing of the Three (Volume 2), The Wastelands (Volume 3) and Wolves of the Calla (Volume 5) to be the most entertaining on their own while still advancing the overall series thread.
Good, but caution if you aren't familair with King This book has very little introduction to the world of the Dark Tower, you basically start off in the middle of the story and have to learn what's going on as you read. For this reason the first book can be frustrating. However, by the time you start the second book things become much more clear and it's easier to get wrapped up in the story. Even if you dont like the first, it's well worth it to read the second book.
The Good, The Bad & The King Stephen King puts forward a tale of fantasy that carries with it the mood of apocalypse, restricting the horror genre to be understood between the lines as phylosophical matters are raised. Don't let the first few chapters deceive you, they are dangerously slow-paced and extremely unfriendly to the reader in that they are filled by terms unique to the universe of The Darktower, hoever, soon the reading takes another pace, with a perfect rithm, and the terms gecome self-explanatory by the mere comprehension of context.
The first step in a long walk. Stephen King somewhat strays from his usual wicked, haunting, tales by exploring a deeper side of his talent. The Dark Tower Series is by far one of the most arresting storylines you will ever come across. By the end of the Gunslinger, you will realize how fortunate you are not to have to wait 4 years for the next book to come out. Take your time reading the other three because waiting on a new one is a task....believe me.
Two Stars An interesting story let down by blurry, indulgent prose.
A slow start, but a worth while book This book started really slow, but by the end it was amazing. I excuse the slowness however, since it is all necissary for setting up the rest of the book and series. The insights in this book are truly ingenius: for example, tward the end of the book one of the characters points out that only enemies can tell the truth to each other, friends and lovers lie out of courtesy. It is a well done and facinating story. READ IT!
At Times, Brilliant � At Times, Juvenile At Times, Brilliant - At Times, Juvenile A friend of mine - or maybe I should call him an acquaintance - who seemed to never have enough money to purchase my first novel (if your reading this Mr. King, check it out when you have time - The Running Girl), offered to me an even trade, one day. And this how I happened upon my first Stephen King novel. I must note here that if I have read a Stephen King novel before 2004, it has escaped memory, either due to aging or the late 70's - early 80's; bus number 20 had its own pharmacy. I have of course seen most of the movies. After Cujo, I refused to own a big dog. Now, I think I need to get on with my review. The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower - book one) is a mixed bag, indeed. The novel did keep me interested as I turned the pages, but there were occasional lulls that left me searching for action; I guess that's one way to keep the pages flipping. Walking through the desert or riding a handcar mile after mile can leave even the greatest fiction fan begging for a Slow Mutant attack. But I understand, the gunslinger needs some Roland-time. I just found myself wishing Roland could find a Budget Rent-a-car place to speed up the pace. Don't get me wrong - I'm giving it five stars, dagnabbit. :-) The Gunslinger story line reminded me of Frank Peretti's The Visitation, in that I was constantly wondering if the gunslinger had it all wrong. Is Roland possibly the "bad guy" searching for the good guy? I enjoyed this "not knowing" who Roland really was - it made the story have an addictive appeal. In other words, there was no way I was going to stop reading until I knew for sure. I think Stephen King managed to pull off a great deal with this tale; as Booklist writes: "It mixes the Western, Arthurian, Romance, Science Fiction, and Occultism..." King evenly distributes the mix and somehow makes it all fit together. Bravo to that part of the work - BRILLIANT On to the juvenile: I have yet to understand why great writers (yes Mr. King, I just called you a great writer - at least better than me, for now) must resort to gutterbabble (gutterbabble = the kinds of words, or series of words, that cause an eight-grader to nudge his neighbor in study hall and display his findings). Let's look at a few examples, shall we: [He suspected his father want to XXXX] , [ The gunslinger's genitals felt drawn and hard] , [the warm spray in his crotch as his bladder let go], and [ Beans, beans, the musical fruit...] I think you get the point. Why, oh why, mix this stuff up with some of the extraordinary writing in the story? I know, I know, I've only sold a couple hundred novels and Stephen King is "da' master" at this stuff. But don't I have the right to wonder? Just say yes. There were a few parts in this novel that I felt like King decided to toss in some shooting for the stars stanzas, like: [...hollow grandeur in the place of mean and sweeping passions which once might have erased souls] or [The lines and nets of mesh which held the last jewel at the breast of the world were unraveling] For a second, I thought someone had swapped my book with a Dicken's novel. Special note here: If you are ever suffering from insomnia, any Charles Dicken's novel can help - better than any sleeping pill, it is. More Brilliant stuff: When the "man in black" starts explaining the mystery behind the universe, I literally got goose-bumps. Reminded me of C.S. Lewis and Randy Alcorn and the great writing they have distributed. Man does King shine on those few pages. I was going to write a short story about fish not realizing there is another world above the plane of the pond, but now I would be guilty of plagiarizing if I did. Other great parts of the book: "Only enemies speak the truth. Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty." BRILLIANT AWARD #1 "They flew like rotten bananas struck from the stem." BRILLIANT AWARD #2 (reminds me of my last bar fight) "The gunslinger felt an urge to find a rock and brain the boy." BRILLIANT AWARD #3 (and I have a new saying) "But in the end, someone always has to have his or her necked popped, as you so quaintly put it. The people demand it. Sooner or later, if there isn't a turncoat, the people make one." BRILLIANT AWARD #4 (so very true) Well, that's my review of The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower - book 1). I hope this helps. I'm sure I will enjoy the second book. See ya next review! (...)
Not King's style, but still very good This book surprised me ALOT. I have read most of King's works and have found them all quite enthralling (let aside "Gerald's Game") and yet I had read none of the books in the 'Dark Tower' series, so with nothing else to read, I read "The Gunslinger". I read this book in one day, as it was very interesting, intriguing, and full of suspense. I can't wait to read the other books in this series.
Interesting The Gunslinger was a very interesting and intriguing book. I like books with new concepts, not the same old love story or action book. The Gunslinger tale is very unique. My head was constantly swirling attempting to grasp where exactly Roland was. King does an amazing job describing the landscape, action scenes, and thoughts of Roland the Gunslinger. I look forward to reading the rest of this series.
Just no comment! Read it!!! ..and ya`ll get hooked onto Dark Tower for a long-long time! As I was... for 10 years. I read Gunslinger in 1995 being 20 y/o... and yesterday (2.10.2005) I finished the last book!!! What a journey! It was just soooo great! For those, who are just starting with this first book, my personal favorites are #1, #4 and #5, but that by no way means, that one should skip anything!!!
A non stop thriller! This being the first Stephen King book I have ever read really made me want more. As soon as I was finished with the book I went to buy the next in the series, "The Drawing of the Three". And I hardly ever read books. I am a student and was required to read a book and was actually glad to read this one. I recommened this book to anyone who likes alot of action, doesn't everyone?
Really Good Roland the Gunsnlinger has been after The Man in Black for a while now. He has been unsuccessful so far. The book is very short compared to other King books, but the flashbacks and present storyline of the book prove very entertaining, especially for SK fans. Funny how my reviews seem to come out short. :D
Great beginning for a wonderful series I first stumbled upon the Gunslinger in middle school and have been hooked on the Dark Tower ever since. With it's gritty fantasy feel and an eerie undertone, it sets the reader on a spellbinding journey following Roland's quest for the Dark Tower. King's stark descriptions of this world and it's people are totally amazing. I highly recommend this book and the following volumes.
So much better the second time around The first time I read this book, I was lost and wasn't sure I'd make it through the entire book. The ending was worth it and at the time, I thought the most important part of the book. Now, having read the entire series AND re-reading this one, I see all the hidden messages, meaning and importance of the information shared and I'm in awe. I love this book the second time around.
Meh Even Stephen King said this one was "Meh".
Use two books as spacers to raise your monitor because it’s always better to view at eye leveled to the center of ... https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=ZikvWB48LCQ Please people with the money, if you buy a new book, include a used one in your shopping cart. That will help Amazon enormously in their storage, and it can help you too. At some places the price can’t lower to lesser a penny. Take a used book for a 0.01$ anywhere. It has many usage including, “Cash4Books.net” Recycle or Burn it for survival heat. Use two books as spacers to raise your monitor because it’s always better to view at eye leveled to the center of your screen. Even better, send it to donation, any library would take it, or the third world too. Do not fear a book because it has no teeth!! When you open your used book, wear gloves if you have to, then you’ll realize, “This book ain’t that back after all.” Good read and peace!! - Ricky
great book, nice start to the series I had been looking for a new series for quite awhile. I have to say I quite like this series so far. It is a little slow moving at first, but I am told that it picks up speed greatly as the series increases. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes Stephen King or just likes fantasy in general. It has undertones of horror, which makes it even more rich. Enjoy!
Amazing mix of a western/fantasy. The start of a great tale The gunslinger, takes you to a world that is beyond our own but shares some common history. It takes you to the start of Roland's great quest, and makes you wish you could go with him. It also shows you that Roland quest, is the most important thing in his life. After I read this story I never had more anticipation in my life as I waited for the next installment.
It's good, but still doesn't stand up to the series. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad book. But it's rather slow, and gets a bit dull at times. Don't give up though, this is the first in one of the the best series I ever read! The second is the best, and the third and fourth are great as well. Just read this as an opening, and then continue to the rest (they're great, trust me). Long live the dark tower series!
It don't get much better than this The best way to describe this book is, it's one of those books that makes you attack people if they interrupt you while you're reading it. It's fantastic. Roland the Gunslinger is, by far, King's most convincing and haunting character, and the rest of his ka-tet are also fantastically well-written. This book makes you wonder where King comes up with this stuff.
Good book. King has created another great character. This book is full of great charactes and a world that could of only come from King. A world that is full of evil and death, I admired Roland's courage. His quest for the man in black, his love for Jake, and the feelings for Alice. It had its boring parts, but I still loved it. I really liked the scene were Roland kills the whole town. Very well written.
Feh! Maybe read a later effort, and come back to this when (and if) addicted. The immature writing is hard to get through....I'll eventually finish it so I can go and read on.....this is an early effort and it shows, but knowing the measure of the writer by his later works, I'm guessing the whole series is worthwhile. There's just a lot of other good stuff out there, making this one a bit of a chore. If someone out there will do a synopsis of this and any others of this series that precede King's less flawed efforts, I'll gladly pass this up.
A powerful, stark, nightmarish book I recently finished "The Dark Tower", the final book in the series, and have had time to reflect on King and his writing style. These are my thoughts on the original novel, not the 2003 updated version. The Gunslinger is written unlike any other book I have ever read; a stark, romantic style, with imagery bordering on nightmares - not the nightmares of monsters, but nightmares more along the lines of "The Shawshank Redemption" - a creeping, deja-vu horror as time passes. Due to the starkness, much is left up to your imagination, and this lends to King treating his audience intelligently. For example, the man in black being revealed as Walter, a character obviously important to Roland but having no previous mention in the book, was genius. So was Walter's explanation of time, the universe, and the Tower. It genuinly seems that King is on an epic quest for truth. Unfortunately, King lost this writing style right at the beginning of DT2, and has not regained it in any of the other 5 novels. The other DT novels are verbose, tangent driven, with King explaining everything as if the reader lacked the ability to draw inferences. DT4 was the only other book I would possibly recommend, but it pales significantly in comparison to this. Finally, on the character of Roland. Characters remain interesting in a series as long as they refuse to reveal their animus - their essential nature. Who they truly are. Once you figure out the main character in a series, it's much harder to keep your interest. This is why series such as Richard Stark's Parker books remain fresh even after 17 books and 40 years - he is a man of action, and action, not words, define the character. Concurrently, King gives you hints at Roland's character - Cort's teachings, the hanging, the coming of age, his sacrifice of Jake - but he never reveals how he works. Roland, too, is a man of action. Unfortunately, this ambiguity over Roland's animus fades in the subsequent books as the series becomes bloated.
A Rare Stephen King Misfire While reviewing the first book, "The Gunslinger", of Stephen King's "Dark Tower" series, I am trying to not let the brilliance of the subsequent editions cloud my judgment on this one. I am a "late" fan of King (still working my way through all his novels), and I finally decided to begin the journey to the Dark Tower. However, after reading this first installment, it took an editor's note from King himself to get me excited about continuing with Roland on his quest. The main problem I had with this book is that absolutely no context is given for Roland's world on his travels as the book opens. Roland is wandering through a land that looks like our own but definitely is not, contains mutant monsters, and for some reason a "Man In Black" that Roland is compelled to follow. As I continued reading, those mysteries were only beginning to be touched on as the novel came to a close. Thus, I spent way too much time trying to figure out just what the heck was going on (a task that is nearly impossible without reading the next few installments anyway) and less time just enjoying the adventure. At the conclusion of my reading, I wondered exactly how Stephen King was going to make an interesting story out of this. Little did I know that King is actually utilizing a form of background storytelling, where the events in this book are not fully explained for two, three, or even four books down the line. I did not care for this type of narrative, as it creates way too much confusion and too little of the mystery that King likely was gunning for. So, if you are looking to start your own quest for the Dark Tower, you still need to read this book, but keep firmly in your mind that the series absolutely explodes in the next few books, which is far different from the glacial-like pace of this first try.
Life is too short to read this book I can't help the way I feel. This may be Stephen King's magnum opus, but I think it's a magnum flop. The Gunslinger is not at all entertaining, intriguing, or thought-provoking. It's not even fascinating in that pretentious, learned literary way. No, it's just incredibly boring; if boredom doesn't get ya the confusion will stop you in your tracks. Throughout the book, you don't know why the characters are there, you cannot understand the significance (if any) of any of the boring things they're doing, and after a while you're so bored that it makes no difference to you that it makes no sense. You just stop and wonder why you are wasting your time when there are probably twenty or thirty GOOD Stephen King books you could be reading instead. Even if you're disappointed in the outcome of a particular King book, such as 'It,' you will probably still have been thoroughly entertained during the course of the book, and if nothing else you will at least have learned the names of the main characters and their purpose within the first chapter or two. Not so with The Gunslinger. I checked out many of the positive reviews on this book and am not surprised to find out many of them are actually reviews of the entire series, which, from what I understand, does "pick up." If I were going to bother finishing the series, I'm sure I would recall the utter drudgery of The Gunslinger and, might be able to consider it in retrospect as a "series intro" or a "means to an end." But considering it that way still does not, unfortunately, magically transform The Gunslinger into a good book. And for me, life's too short to read an entire awful book and then take a chance the others in the series will somehow prove to be less awful.
Good start This novel is indeed a good start to a series, however there are too many flashbacks without any real discriptive histories. The character Roland isn't developed like King's other characters, he seems to try and grow without letting the readers have a foundation. I've started book two, and can say honestly that King's growth as an author is evident.
good booke for good people I read this book over the last week and it was the best book i have read in a long time. If you like to read then you would like this book, The story and the way Stephen king writes just makes you want to keep turing the page. This book is a good read for teenagers and adults.
Not that great, but an intro to a great series To be honest, I almost gave up on the first book in the Dark Tower series. It just wasn't worth it. However, they told me to persist, and I would be rewarded, and it turns out that "they" were right. I'm almost done with the second book right now, and it's much better. Now, as for the first book: PROs: + It's short + Necessary intro to a great series + Roland's actually a pretty cool protagonist, even in the first book, and the "man in black" is a pretty cool villain + Gets better as it goes--the last section is really interesting CONs: - Starts off slow - The language King uses is ridiculous, especially his use of similies. This is supposed to be a serious tale, but his writing made me laugh out loud at it's sheer badness. For example: The gunslinger is apparently skilled at reloading his weapons on the fly. So how is his reloading "trick" described? "...and still the hands did their business, like overeager dogs that want to do their rolling-over trick for you not once or twice but all night..." The gunslinger's water skin is "...like a bloated sausage." You get the idea. - The supporting characters seem to follow a logic of their own. *SPOILER* For instance: A barmaid is describing a resurrection the man in black did in her town. A man dies of drug overdose, and the man in black raises him. So what does the barmaid do? She freaks out, runs to her room, locks the door, cries, laughs hysterically, comes back down stairs, and starts talking to the re-raised man as if nothing had happened. Puh-lease! *END SPOILER* Bottom line: The other books are good! Honest! Slam through this 300-page monstrosity, and move on to "The Drawing of the Three".
An incredable story that no King fan should pass up I am very late to start reading this series but I am glad that I am reading it. I finished this book in only one day which is a rarity for me, but this book is so well written that I could not help myself. I am very excited to keep reading the remaining books to this series, and I also cannot wait for the movie version of this to come out.
Interesting early work This is one of King's first works and shows a little less polish and direction than some of his later works. In particular he became more direct about spelling out the bad news and building the creepy feeling. I do not intend to sound negative, I am very pleased that I read the book and immediately ordered the rest of the series.
A so-so start to a great series This book was one of King's first, written his senior year of college and it has all the flaws of a budding novelist. The language is sometimes verbose and the imagery is a bit abstract, but all in all this is a good first chapter to the Dark Tower Series and a must read, if only for Walter's diatribe at the end of the book.
The Gunslinger The Gunslinger is an excellent introduction to a series that will surely be a classic. The Gunslinger flows smoothly and captures your interest from the start. Don't expect all your questions to be answered by the end of the book! There's six more to follow it for that! This book Should be 5 out of five stars.
Great Story I am a big Stephen King/Richard Bachman fan from way back when. I love his Gunslinger series. Of course you may not want to take my critique too seriously, because I just think that this author just can't go wrong. Even his early stuff was good and he has just gotten better and better at his craft.
Great Start to the Series I'm glad I jumped on the "Dark Tower" bandwagon! The first installment of the series is a bit basic and slow at times, but it's quite good considering King was 19 when he wrote it. Don't be put off by anything here; just keep reading and the series will take off like a rocket in Part II.
not the greatest start of a series Admittedly, the only reason I was initially interested in reading the Dark Tower series was the alleged inspiration it provided for the minds behind the television show, Lost (yes, I am a huge Lost fan). At the end of this first book in the series, I can't say I see much of a connection with the television show - although the show is only halfway through its run at the time of my reading the book - except for some references to space and time. But that doesn't mean this book was a waste. Keep in mind, King was only in his early 20s when he wrote The Gunslinger, and it is not a literary masterpiece in itself (a grown, wiser King even offers something of an apology in the book's foreword). Even so, it is highly imaginative and has its own set of mythology - quite a feat for a first novel. I'm not personally a fan of "Westerns". Ordinarily, a scenery of dry and cracked deserts, ragtime saloons, and pistol-wielding cowboys would have me reaching for the phone book to read instead. But King adds just enough magic, original folklore, and elements of supernatural to keep me turning the pages. I did get slightly bored at times, but my curiosity over the "big picture" motivated me to read on. Roland of Gilead, the last of the gunslingers, is on a quest to catch the elusive evil mage, the Man in Black (who shot a man in Reno...just kidding). Roland journeys toward the Dark Tower, a sort of nexus of space and time (it seems), always a step behind the Man in Black. Along the way, he meets Jake, a young boy who died in the world/time we know and somehow ended up in that of Roland's. [Note: the grisly description of Jake's worldly death does affirm that King is certainly a horror writer at heart.] The journey takes them on a treacherous path through desert and mountains, and through their shared experience they form a familial bond that is tested in a final confrontation with the Man in Black. The Gunslinger leaves much to be explained and accounted for, and almost seems to serve as a prologue for the series. Much of the novel takes place through Roland's recollections - stories of him on the path to finding the Man in Black - and serves to reveal less about the overall plot and more about Roland's character. My impression is that this series will make use of the slow reveal, layering questions upon mysteries until the final chapter. Maybe it does have something in common with Lost, after all! Overall, the story isn't exceptionally interesting or well-written, but it did plant the seed of curiosity that makes me want to know more. I will be reading, at the very least, Book 2 of the series.
Must Read Series Roland is the last living member of a knightly order known as gunslingers. The world he lives in is quite different from our own, yet it bears striking similarities to it. Politically organized along the lines of a feudal society, it shares technological and social characteristics with the American Old West, as well as bearing magical powers and the relics of a highly advanced, but long vanished, society. Roland's quest is to find the Dark Tower, a fabled building said to either be, or be located at, the nexus of all universes. Roland's world is said to have "moved on," and indeed it appears to be coming apart at the seams -- mighty nations are being torn apart by war, entire cities and regions vanish from the face of the earth without a trace, time does not flow in an orderly fashion; even the sun sometimes rises in the north and sets in the east. As the series opens, Roland's motives, goals, and even his age are unclear, though later installments shed light on these mysteries. This series was mostly inspired by the epic poem "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came" by Robert Browning, the full text of which was included in an appendix to the final volume. In the preface to the revised 2003 edition of The Gunslinger, King also identifies The Lord of the Rings, the Arthurian Legend, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as inspirations. He identifies Clint Eastwood's "Man with No Name" character as one of the major inspirations for Roland. King's style of location names in the series, such as Mid-World, and his development of a unique language abstract to our own, are also influenced by J. R. R. Tolkien's work. The Dark Tower is often described in the novels as a real structure, and also as a metaphor. Part of Roland's fictional quest lies in discovering the true nature of the Tower. The series incorporates themes from multiple genres, including fantasy fiction, science fantasy, horror, and western elements. King has described the series as his magnum opus; beside the seven novels that comprise the series proper, many of his other books are related to the story, introducing concepts and characters that come into play as the series progresses.
That doesn't mean good, it means he has written things that have ... King is popular. That doesn't mean good, it means he has written things that have sold. He is the McDonald's (Micky Deees by him!) of literature, and this series is his Big Mac. In this series he makes big with the numbers 19 and 99, so I will make big with 7. It is seven novels. There are seven ingredients in a Big Mac - 2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun. Like Micky Deees, he is everywhere, not that good, cheap, fast, and ok in a pinch when you have nothing else. He would make that sound cosmic, and lots are buying it. Verbose is not good on its own. I will say it has extra cheese. As a fantasy series compared to good ones, this does not rank. It is not bad (well it does get there in a few places). Just not good. I like it better than his horror stories, so if you could read those and like them, you would like these. Otherwise pass. King thought this was his Gormenghast or Lord of the RIngs. It is his McLean Deluxe that just didn't work out.
This was great to hear before the new revision. This is more than likely the one that disapeared from site read by Frank Muller Original version before revision & so the picture so idiot posted is wrong, that's the new revision that you can still buy not this one. Please fix site info so there's not confusion. I wish you still sold this.
Classy I stumbled across this book...Looked interesting enough, so I bought it. At first I had doubts, it starts a little slow, but soon found my eyes addicted to its pages. Get this first of four books, read 'em all, they're awsome.
I was just too bored... So, I'm giving The Gunslinger the literal, Goodreads version of two stars which means "it was ok". And it was, for the most part. I'm just not into Westerns (and The Dark Tower is sort of a Western), but I am into Stephen King (hence why I even picked up The Gunslinger). But, my God, 219 pages have never seemed so long to me (I'm not counting the Afterword since King's are always amusing). I really couldn't bring myself to care about the book. I only started caring about the book about forty pages before the end. Before that, I just liked the relationship between Roland and Jake (one big reason why I kept reading). I was just so bored throughout most of The Gunslinger. Boredom caused by reading rarely happens to me, but when it does, it really becomes the death of the book and most of the time if it's a series, I don't bother picking up the next installment (as the Mistress of the Art of Death sequel knows too well) and that's if I even finish the first installment. However, I did finish The Gunslinger so that has to count for something, right? Granted, had I not owned books 2-6 of The Dark Tower series, I probably would've put The Gunslinger down unread and readily swappable. Another reason why I finished this (which ties into the first reason) is because I've heard a lot of people comment on the fact that The Drawing of the Three (the second book in The Dark Tower series) is infinitely better than the first installment. In fact, I've heard of some people who disliked The Gunslinger yet loved the rest of the series. So, maybe I have to plod through the first part (which left me less than impressed) to get through the awesomeness that is the rest of the series. Here's to hoping that's the case.
Meh Overall, I was disappointed with this book. It was not at all what I was expecting. I nearly sent it to my "did not finish" bookshelf on GoodReads several times. But the ending almost made up for the work spent on the rest of the book. I hear the rest of the series is better, so I'll probably continue on. Later. Much later. One thing I found frustrating was the usage of words that I'd not seen before. And neither had my Kindle dictionary. And I couldn't find them on a Google search either. There were about a half dozen of them. For example, buckas. In the context, I would assume it was slang for buckboards.
Pretty darn good. I'm no King fanatic. I do have a lot of respect for the writer. I loved The Stand when I was a teenager. I enjoyed 'Salem's Lot in my mid twenties, HATED Pet Semetary, Loathed The Tommyknockers, have never really been able to get into It, but thoroughly enjoyed On Writing. Pet Semetary kept me away from King's books for quite a while. The Gunslinger brought me back, though. I had read it once before in High School, and liked it. Having read it just recently (and in a few days which is SUPERFAST for me) I can tell you that this book is AMAZING. The book is a testament to King's talent for showing us the Wizard behind the curtain. He not only draws the curtain for us, but he shows us all the things that people do not want to talk about. He points out all of our (society's) dirty little secrets. This novel also showcases the man's sheer brilliance for creativity. There are several things in the world of the Gunslinger that are familiar to the reader, but the world itself is not quite ours. I can honestly say that I have never read a book quite like this, and enjoyed it so much. I can't remember the last time I read a book so fast. If I had to make a complaint, I would argue that the ending slowed down and was a bit of a let down. However, I am already 200 pages into The Drawing of the Three (the sequel) and loving it. I have heard that the series goes downhill later on, and that is not an encouraging thought. For now, I will continue reading and enjoying these books until they are no longer interesting to me. Give them a shot!
I quit! I am half way through the fourth book in this series and I am soooooooooo bored with the pace of all of it. I believe that the whole of the seven could have been done in at most three books. I am giving up on Roland and all of his cohorts. Stephen King should stick to what he does best!
Not up to par I'm stunned that this poorly written book could have been written by Stephen King , and also that it has so many good reviews . He uses many obscure words where common ones would do just as well . I had to go to the dictionary section many , many times and some of those words weren't even in the dictionary . What is the point of that ? This book was long and drawn out and could have been written in a hundred pages as very little actually happens in it . I've read and enjoyed many of his works and was looking forward to the others in this series , but after this one , I can see no reason to move on to book two . I'm very disappointed !
It's not as boring as most of his books are. +AH4-After reading this book, you'll DEFINITELY want to read the continuences. This was a good book--very amuseing and Stephen King has good writing techniques. I hope you'll enjoy this book as much as I did.+AH4-
wow I'd always wanted to read some Stephen King, but I scare far too easily. A friend suggested this, and I was instantly hooked! I'm not usually a fast reader, but I finished this in one weekend...One of my fav's now!
Top-Notch King! Excellent kick-off to this great series, with wonderful artwork. The only other guy as scary as King these days is John Robert Marlow (author of NANO). If you haven't yet read the Dark Tower Series, start now!
I love the added illustrations I've read all 7 copies, but reading it on my Kindle gave me a whole new experience! I love the added illustrations! I'm having a great time the 2nd time around! Corinne Pittsburgh, PA
Enthralling! I am an avid Stephen King reader. Finally after years of hearing about Roland's journey, I decided to begin it for myself. I am glad I did. King's prologue however was my favorite part of the story.
Best King books ever! Second time for me reading the Dark Tower books and they are still a non-stop, can't put it down read. A very grown-up mystical world that makes you feel like your there traveling along with Roland!
Masterpiece This is Stephen King before he was the factory Stephen King. It starts slow, but you can't stop. Dark Tower is his masterpiece, and this is the introduction to a great series. You won't be sorry.
King's "Dark Tower" is absolutely enchantinng. The story of Roland is the foundation for King's dark realm. King spins his usual magic... even the forward is captivating. If you loved "The Stand" this series will leave you spellbound.
Great start to a great series This is one of those books that you read first, then read again after the last one of the series. There are some gems hidden in here that explain things that happen in later books, so ken it well.
Captivating, unique story Read a little slow to begin with and was confusing at parts, but once the story had you, it HAD you. Stephen King always crafts his story's intimately for the reader and I can't thank him enough.
A Book Review. Some of the characters language is crude, I kind of understand what the author is trying to do in his story telling. You just have to stop reading give yourself a break from reading this series.
just wasn't for me I have friends who absolutely loved the whole series, others who were so-so, but got caught up in it. It didn't grab me enough to commit to all 7, so i stopped here. Just not my thing i guess.
Good Read I have always enjoyed Stephen King 's writings and his ideas do give you something to think about. I am rereading the series because of the new book and it's just as good as the first time.
Good intro to the series This is obviously the first in a series. King has to introduce the characters and establish a history. I expect the next books to move a bit faster. I enjoyed this one as an intro to the series.
Second go around cant wait for movie Great book. One of kings best it and talisman go hand in hand along with black house Almost finished seventh book had to go back and re read the entire series because I don't want it to end
a great book, great story read the book series as a kid and rereading it now picking up the details I forgot making the series still seem new and different. this series is only something that stephen's dreams can create.
Requested Obviously King's thoughts in 1977. Catches your interest to read the next sequel, but didn't keep me glued. Ordered mainly for my wife , an avid King fan. Recommended for insomniacs.
The beginning This was unlike any Stephen King book I've ever read, I knew that going into it. It was a good introduction to the series it picked up steam and speed at the end. I'm excited for the next book.
the start of something amazing The dark tower series is a real reading of the evolution of the author. It shows how what's important changes. This book is a book of youth and sets the stage for greater things to come. Enjoy.
This is the only book in the series that took ... This is the only book in the series that took me a while to get through, but trust me, get through it. The other books are outstanding but you definitely need this book to give you background.
Too Choppy The story bounced around a lot with little to no purpose. Even the climax was a bit anti-climatic. I'm not really sure why so many people loved this series. Maybe it gets better in later books.
My impression Very f last read some themes are shared by earlier books but entertaining writting reviews with mandating the length of the review is annoying because of that I w will not review another book
Loved this book Loved this book, read it before coming back to the series several years later. I wish the rest of the story was as good as the first three books, to me the end of the series/story was just OK.
So far I've read first two books in the Dark ... So far I've read first two books in the Dark Tower series and I keep wanting to get to the Dark Tower, or know more about it story wise. However, there is enough action to keep me interested.
surprising It started out slowly, and I really didn't care for the characters. Three quarters through the book it started to feel like a real story. Maybe I'll check out the next volume from the library.
Although Stephen King is a great Author and I have tremendous respect for him I must have ADD, because I could not keep focus with the characters in this book. Although Stephen King is a great Author and I have tremendous respect for him, I just didn't like this book.
Amazing book! Ones of Stephen Kings best! Stephen Kings science-fiction fantasy book is one of the best I've ever read. I would highly recommend this the fans of Stephen King and anyone else who likes the science-fiction and fantasy.
An epic begins I've read this title for the fifth time and still I get the same "magical doorway" I found in the first reading. This started with 'Eyes of the Dragon.' I'm glad Mr.King has seen it through.
Great I found the book to be slow at parts but that is how all great stories begin, Roland seems to be one of the most powerful people in the story. I can't wait to read how he retrieves the thre
My First Steven King Book I'm 15 only months away from being 16 and I'm not quite the reader. This book, however, got me incredibly hyped for such a story that was hard to follow. I'm definitely buying the next one.
Start of a great series This short book is the start of Mr. King's Dark Tower series. While this book is heavy on background, it was still an enjoyable read for me. This book sets up the whole series quite nicely.
hmmm I will press on through the series. The first half of the story was slow and awkward, but it really picked up towards the end. And suddenly I wanted to see it evolve through all the books.
Vee's Views I have read most of Stephen Kings books and as with the majority of his books, they are certainly unique and you never know what to expect. Am on Dark Tower 2 at the moment and loving it.
Great book. A must read! Excellent start to the series that leaves you wanting more. Roland's journey already well on it's way in this first book that leaves you wanting to know the rest of his tale.
Great I finished reading all seven a couple of weeks ago. After such a long wait I felt I had to read them again. I think it is better this time. Although this is like the fourth for this one.
Too improvised I was curious of Stephen King's writing but none of this made much sense to me. It feels like he just made things up as he went and the universe in which it takes place is so undefined.
interesting but so very removed and out of sorts I enjoyed but it was an effort on my part to get through, driven by the promise of what could be.... This was not an easy read. It grows on you though. We'll see, the jury is still out.
Found it confusing Though he sort of wrapped it up cleanly in the end, the initial confusion lasted too long if you ask me. After the end I'm still unsure on a lot. Not sure if I'm ready for the other six
Enough to get me to read the next one ... but barely. In this book a "gunslinger" follows a man in black across the desert. We learn a bit about his past, and that there has been some sort of time disturbance. There are mutants and other strange things and a "Dark Tower" that has something to do with the gunslinger's destiny. I liked the book and I'll read the next one, but I would have preferred that it provide more information about the scope of the series or what the larger plot is. As it is I was left feeling that I had been led on and ultimately not quite rewarded. Also, while the gunslinger is an intriguing character, I was surprised that King didn't develop him better in this first book. The reader learns enough about how he is, and about what made him that way - but we don't learn much about how he "feels" or what his personality is like - unless he is in fact a automaton without much in the way of personality or feelings, which may turn out to be the case. So, I'll read the next one, but if it leaves me feeling the same way I won't read the 3rd in the series.
The Dark Tower 1: S K has long had an other worldly touch with our language. The Gunslinger just proves he has always had a foot in a twisted yet fascinating other world. We should all have such vision!
Good read, old but unique I enjoyed the book as it was full of fore shadowing(indicating a full fantasy universe I can get lost in) and didn't follow the usual perfect hero template in most fantasy genre books.
Best author ever Stephen king captures his characters and makes them seem as real as the person sitting next to you. Enjoy this series it's my second time around and its as good if not better this time
A GREAT stew If you like to read good Drama, Fantasy, Western, Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi or even Romance novels then you can't miss if you read this series as King finds a way to mix a great stew.
Another good book Once again I was up til dawn reading. Stephen King has a way of captivating you that keeps you reading way past the time when you should turn in for the night. Keep up the good work.
Thoroughly enjoyed this story Thoroughly enjoyed this. Can't wait to read book 2. I do not want to give any spoilers but I was disappointed with the end of the journey. Why do we have to have at least 20 words?
Chasing a dark tower? I think Ka dictates who reads this series or not, so I dont see the point in trying to make a persuading argument for or against. There will be water, if God wills it, do ya kennit?
Epic journey I have finally decided to start this series since the movie is coming out. I couldn't put it down; kicking myself for not starting it years ago. Can't wait to start the next book.
Very riveting Print is perfect, not too small, not too big. No idea why anyone would pay more for a fancier copy when this one does the trick. Perfect condition. Shipped quickly, arrived on time.
The Gunslinger Roland of Gilead Roland the gunslinger is an unforgettable protagonist and my favorite among all of Stephen King's characters. I have read the entire series 6 times. I love it. It never gets old!
Great "intro" book for what I hope is a great series This was only a 7/10, but I'll be giving #2 a shot because of the fandom. A sweeping, captivating, dynamic introduction to the character of The Gunslinger and his perilous journey.
Slow and Steady interesting book but I didn't get drawn in enough to want to get the next book in the series. but that is not to say I wont eventually get it. It was just a bit slow paced for me.
The Gunslinger Stephen King's Dark Tower series is one of his best. I have read this several times and each time is a new experience. The blending of fantasy and reality create a fabulous story.
good stuff I have read this book like three times now and I really enjoy it but it is the whole series that is really good even though Steven King seems kinda pompous by the end of the book
excellent book I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I had taken a but of a break from novel reading over the last while but I certainly think this series is an amazing way of coming off of my break!
First King book I have read It was very different from what I have read before. I like scifi and it seems like a good mix and is growing on me. I will get the next one and see if I want to continue reading.
Great Storytelling... ...Poor story. Stephen King is one of the better story tellers of our time. His plots, however, are often times lacking. He can take you to the end of a book without a clear story line, entertaining you all the way, but then drops you off wondering where you are and what just happened. I would recommend getting through this book (and it does have its moments) so that you can get into the middle of the series, where most of the meat of The Dark Tower is. If you have a lot of time to devote and don't mind reading 300+ pages (especially later on) with absolutely no advancement in plot but enjoyable story telling, then go for it. Otherwise you may want to stick with something more solid or less lengthy.
A good book to a greater series This book is not only good on its own, but it is a door to a much greater purpose, one that is eye opening and much greater in size. A fantastic read and a truly wonderful story
One of Stephen King's best I just love this story! I read it years ago in hard cover and just re-read it again on my Kindle. I had forgotten about most of the story and now I'm hooked on the series again!
brilliant first salvo World building on a concise scale. Excellent characterization, a surprising lack of cliche. Anticipating book two. I hope the excellent work is sustained throughout the series.
Great stuff! Can you believe my library didn't carry this book?! I read it years ago and wanted to reread so I could finally finish the whole saga. This is the Stephen King I really love.
Great beginning for a series I was captivated from the beginning of the book and I can't wait to read the rest of the series. It is a great intro into another world that one can easily get happily lost in
One of my favorite books Hands-down the best book series ever. Stephen King's epic saga combines elements of almost every story ever told then weaves them masterfully into the tale of Roland of Gilead.
More Questions than answers I can't say it doesn't make it hard to put it down - I kept coming back, even though the more I read the more confused the world King builds becomes. Worth the money at least.
Not his best, but I am holding on to his promise ... Not his best, but I am holding on to his promise that the series would be worth it. I still think King is a PHENOMENAL author with better character development than any other.
Trippy and good It's a weird book. I don't really understand what's going on or why, but at the same time it's a really good read. I especially like the not clear who is the good guy/bad guy.
