Good book to suck you in to the series The thing that caught my eye in the bookstore was the cover. I love Stephen King stories that aren't horror so I was tempted to pick it up. Then I saw that it was an epic, and the length of the other three books that were out at that time, and I decided not to try it out. But one day I finally gave in after some research to see if the time to read all of the books was worth it and I'm glad I did. If you have never read any of King's books get ready because his imagination is awesome. The way he writes often leaves you longing for more which is exactly the way he wrote this first book in the series. He starts off with the gunslinger chasing the man in black. You have no idea who these people are or why he is chasing him until almost the end of the book. At first the book is a little slow but give it time and it will grow on you. The reason I gave it four stars was that the story gets much better in the second and third books and in this book King is trying to suck you in by giving you little bits of information that drive you crazy because he doesn't give you answers to your questions so you have to read more. I am currently reading the fourth book and some of my questions from this book aren't answered. A pretty good read but still just an introduction to the series. If you get bored with it push through because the second and third books are great reads.
The first and last step on an endless journey I was not a fan of King. Actually, I down right hated his work. I seriously found horror and thrillers boring and predictable. I watched a few movies and often fell asleep. I'm so glad I saw past the psycho killers, demon dogs, possessed evil cars that I thought King was all about. I'm glad that when I over heard Lee talking about the books in High School, I gave King a chance. Actually, Eyes of the Dragon was my first experience with King, and I loved it. Lee told me the Dark Tower was more along those lines and Gunslinger, a shorter novel, would be a quick taste into the deeper world of the fantasic epic. I was not disappointed, not the in least. Gunslinger holds as more like the "Hobbit" was for "Lord of the Rings": it is the prelude to something larger. If your into epics or into King, if you like horror or fantasy or fiction, you'll find something within the pages of this series. The first book is unlike the rest but give the initial impression of the story to come. The story is simple at first, but the layers behind and forward quickly grow to show us a world we are only slightly familiar with, a man we barely understand, and a quest that seems to have a purpose beyond our grasp. And thus "To the dark Tower Childe Roland came."
Prepare for a game of literary hide and seek This book is unnecessarily convoluted. Even after finishing the book, there are so many things that I don’t know as the reader. Things that are absolutely vital to good storytelling. I know hardly anything of the main character, virtually nothing of the antagonist, don’t know what the hell the dark tower actually is, where it is, or why it is important to any one. The conflict between the gunslinger (our hero) and the man in black (the bad guy) is incredibly tenuous at best and absolutely untenable at worst. We think we know who the bad guy is and are pretty sure we know that he did something bad but we aren’t really that sure about it but we’re going to trek all over the place and dedicate our life to finding and killing him anyways. The world building is pretty badly thought out as well in this book. You never really find out what kind of era it takes place in or even what planet it is (yes, seriously). There are pieces out of place and context clues that constantly contradict technology seen elsewhere in the story. You learn some at the very end but even then it’s still very much a shrouded convoluted haze. There are clues here and there but the reader is left to discern most of what’s going on from inference I guess. I don’t really understand why authors do this sometimes. I am all for mystery and twists but this literary game of hide and seek with the reader about just about everything gets tedious very quickly. The Gunslinger is definitely not the worst book I have read. It has promise, the pieces are here for a good story, but there is just so much the reader doesn’t know that it makes it extraordinarily hard to care about anything that happens.
The Beginning of a Masterpiece (*spoilers included*) Just to be clear from the start...The Gunslinger is one of my absolute favorite books, period. By Stephen King or any other author. That said, it's gotten the most mixed reactions of any King book that I recommend to other people. I don't know if it's the contrast between the expectations of what a King book is supposed to be and what he presents in The Gunslinger, but it's not universally loved. I guess fiction that fits mostly into the fantasy genre can have that effect, as it pushes the ability to suspend disbelief to its utmost limits. I've read this book over and over, more often than any other in the series, because of its raw intensity. King's youth and ambition shine through, driving the plot with relentless urgency. I was instantly hooked by the story's opening line, "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." I didn't know who the man in black was, or who the gunslinger was, but I wanted to find out. And I wanted to know why the gunslinger was chasing this man, and if he would catch him, and what would happen if he did. I was drawn in immediately, and I've never stopped being fascinated by the Dark Tower series since. People have remarked to me that this book is slow, but I have trouble understanding that. During the course of the novel, Roland shoots and kills an entire town of people single-handedly. He confronts a speaking demon in a deserted way station where he finds a young boy from Earth, a boy who shocks and confuses the gunslinger with his tales of skyscrapers and automobiles. He takes mescaline, giving him the necessary head-trip to bed a demonic succubus and hear her prophecy. He fights off dreadful mutants in a pitch-black mountain tunnel, where he must let Jake fall to his death in order to catch the man in black. In addition to these harrowing scenes, Roland receives a mind-blowing vision once he finally catches his nemesis. The man in black sends him to the very edge of existence, where he passes through a barrier into an alien world linked to his own. He learns that the Dark Tower holds together an infinite number of worlds and universes, and is guarded by an evil being that would see it and all of existence fall into nothingness. After waking from this vision, he embarks on a quest to ascend the Tower and right all the wrongs of his fallen civilization. Like I said before, the Dark Tower story fascinates me, and it all begins here. King draws on his affinity for the spaghetti westerns of Sergio Leone and the fantasy of J.R.R. Tolkien to create the beginning of the most imaginative and ambitious work of his career. Mixed reactions or not, I love this book, and I think it's one of the most thrilling King has ever written.
The Beginning of a Masterpiece (*spoilers included*) Just to be clear from the start...The Gunslinger is one of my absolute favorite books, period. By Stephen King or any other author. That said, it's gotten the most mixed reactions of any King book that I recommend to other people. I don't know if it's the contrast between the expectations of what a King book is supposed to be and what he presents in The Gunslinger, but it's not universally loved. I guess fiction that fits mostly into the fantasy genre can have that effect, as it pushes the ability to suspend disbelief to its utmost limits. I've read this book over and over, more often than any other in the series, because of its raw intensity. King's youth and ambition shine through, driving the plot with relentless urgency. I was instantly hooked by the story's opening line, "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." I didn't know who the man in black was, or who the gunslinger was, but I wanted to find out. And I wanted to know why the gunslinger was chasing this man, and if he would catch him, and what would happen if he did. I was drawn in immediately, and I've never stopped being fascinated by the Dark Tower series since. People have remarked to me that this book is slow, but I have trouble understanding that. During the course of the novel, Roland shoots and kills an entire town of people single-handedly. He confronts a speaking demon in a deserted way station where he finds a young boy from Earth, a boy who shocks and confuses the gunslinger with his tales of skyscrapers and automobiles. He takes mescaline, giving him the necessary head-trip to bed a demonic succubus and hear her prophecy. He fights off dreadful mutants in a pitch-black mountain tunnel, where he must let Jake fall to his death in order to catch the man in black. In addition to these harrowing scenes, Roland receives a mind-blowing vision once he finally catches his nemesis. The man in black sends him to the very edge of existence, where he passes through a barrier into an alien world linked to his own. He learns that the Dark Tower holds together an infinite number of worlds and universes, and is guarded by an evil being that would see it and all of existence fall into nothingness. After waking from this vision, he embarks on a quest to ascend the Tower and right all the wrongs of his fallen civilization. Like I said before, the Dark Tower story fascinates me, and it all begins here. King draws on his affinity for the spaghetti westerns of Sergio Leone and the fantasy of J.R.R. Tolkien to create the beginning of the most imaginative and ambitious work of his career. Mixed reactions or not, I love this book, and I think it's one of the most thrilling King has ever written.
I was given the best advice by a friend After multiple attempts to read this, I was given the best advice by a friend. The Gunslinger doesn't really pick up until part two, before that the sense of isolation is unnerving. However, once you reach The Waystation is really gets going and doesn't stop. When i finally read it, I skipped ahead, and then went back. This allowed me to really enjoy the town of Tull more thorough as well.
And The Gunslinger Followed Clocking in at under 300 pages, The Gunslinger is a very quick read that is absolutely stunning in its creativity, its depth, and its power to draw the reader deep in to the mysterious life of Roland Deschain. This is the first book of a seven book series entitled The Dark Tower and we find our reluctant hero a gunslinger perusing not only the Tower but the man in black. At first we know of no reason why, but Roland's enigmatic figure draws us to believe that we must support him. We come into his life after a single introductory page that reads "RESUMPTION" a word that would have more meaning if the entire series had been read. However, for the first time reader it is simply resuming his quest through the deserts while chasing down the man in black. It is obvious he had been doing this before and he would do so thereafter. The tale is not so much about the chase, but rather why the gunslinger is doing so. Two tales are told within the story that gives depth and meaning to the gunslinger's life while much stays in the dark for later books. The story itself is mesmerizing. Roland has a unique way of speaking, and King has a unique landscape to paint for us. The world has "moved on" in this unrealistic, realistic world. Things that are similar to our world are represented as being in the past in Roland's. The world is, therefore, not so fantastical as to be unbelievable. Even Roland's temporary boy companion talks of places, things, and people that the reader should be familiar with. This blending of reality with an unrealistic locale and culture simply enchants. The pages breeze by and the story is only party told, only glimpsed at in a glimmering of intricate moments. One can't stop at the first book, but must pursue the tale further. I'll set my watch and warrant by it.
Great read, once again My wife turned me on to the Gunslinger series many years ago and I enjoyed this first book in the series then as much as now. Starting The Drawing of the Three again next and looking forward to the read.
Meh, it was just "ok" - I hope the series gets better! This series has been on my TBR list since I was a teenager! I own multiple copies of the books in the series: Bound copies on my shelves, Kindle copies, and also audiobooks. Yet, I have never read them! I have finally taken the plunge into the series, and it was not at all what I expected! I was hoping for the "creep factor" that I have experienced in other King novels, but it was missing here. In the first installment of The Dark Tower series, we are introduced to Roland Deschain, a Gunslinger whose sole purpose is to meet up with The Man In Black. In his journey along the way, he meets up with a boy named Jake and takes him under his wing. Parts of the book really dragged for me and, even though I finished book, I still feel a bit lost! I will continue on with the series and hope that I get hooked with the next one. This is definitely my least favourite King book, and I much prefer his horror books to this fantasy series so far. However, I am trying to be optimistic that the series will pick up given its popularity. I like the whole good versus evil vibe, and I am hoping that I won't be disappointed! This is my first narration by George Guidall, and his voice was a nice choice for the book. However, his reading does tend to speed up during the more exciting scenes, and I actually had to put my iPod on ½ speed to follow along at a regular pace. MY RATING: 2 stars!! Meh, it was just "ok".
I enjoyed it, but I don't think I will finish the series This book is all about mood, it really makes you feel the dreamlike strangeness of the world. I also enjoyed the main character and his backstory. The problem really is that nothing much happens. Regardless, I think you should read it, because it is enjoyable and pretty short for a Stephen King book. If you like it, the series extends and people tell me it gets even better.
The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger I have read only one other Stephen King novel, but I am beginning to understand why he is such a popular writer. The Gunslinger was an out standing piece of fantasy writing. It held my attention from start to finish. The setting, the images and particularly the characters were clearly drawn and persuasive. The story was exciting and I am hooked on this series. I strongly recommend this book.
You just have to keep reading! I got the first three books in this series in a gift pack and I have to be honest. I read this book and thought "I have two more of these books to read. Maybe later....." but I did read the next two books and they are terrific. Which is why this review is so difficult. This book introduces the main character of the series, Roland, a gunslinger whose world has "moved on". As I understand it, gunslingers are supposed to be like the knights of old (or at least the old we were taught about in my day and age). They are chivalrous and protect the weak. The problem with this book was that I couldn't really sympathize or feel anything for the character. However, you kind of need this book to get along with the next two (or three or four....).So let me put it to you this way - the next three books are terrific and will be reviewed shortly. This book is iffy, but you really need it to understand what Roland is and why he does what he does - so whether or not you like this book, you'll need it to really enjoy the next set in the series. After reading the second book, I realized the worth of this one. I guess this is a backhanded recommendation - get this book so you can really be entertained by the rest of the series!
great book If you are a Stephen king fan, this book is s must. It actually is a full series. One thing I will not due is give spoilers and ruin the series. All I can tell you is if your Stephen king fan, then this series is a must have
In Stephen King's Epic Genre-Bending Series, You'll Find Echoes of both Tolkien and American History! Review Originally Posted At: www.FictionForesight.com I’d like to start us off with a confession, just to level with you: before this week, I had never read anything by Stephen King. The closest I’d come was watching The Shining during a particularly bleak winter. So, come with me on this journey, erase all knowledge of the master of thrills from your memory, and imagine reading King for the first time. This may be easier for some of you. So, fresh faced and starry-eyed, we open The Gunslinger to read what is arguably one of the best opening sentences ever written: “The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.” In twelve words, King has given us our protagonist, his quest, the setting, and a whole slew of questions waiting to be answered. Immediately I knew why King is so well renowned for his thrillers – he builds mystery and suspense with just a few words. Each sentence leaves the reader with more questions than they started with. But at the same time, miraculously, he builds three-dimensional characters that are relatable while remaining mysterious. We don’t learn the titular Gunslinger’s name until page 80, but as we follow his gritty, purposeful plod through the desert, this detail seems unimportant. The details of this world are revealed to us in pieces, through the Gunslinger’s interactions with it’s denizens. While not everything is revealed, we can piece together that the Gunslinger lives in a universe similar to ours, but occupies a potential future where the world is desiccated and dying. The human race is struggling, on the brink of extinction. There are remnants of the world we know, such as the song “Hey Jude” and the presence of a long-abandoned subway. But there are only these small pieces to link it to present-day Earth. As the Gunslinger Roland travels across the desert in pursuit of the man in black, he recalls the days when he was young, when he lived someplace verdant and thriving. The Gunslingers were a longstanding profession, but as the world declined so did they – Roland is the last. His adversary, the man in black, is a remnant from this time as well. We don’t learn until the last pages why the Gunslinger is hell-bent on catching this man, but King metes out enough clues to keep us on the edge of our seats, wanting to find out. I’ll mention at this point that reading the Foreword and Introduction by Stephen King added an interesting perspective – the Dark Tower series took more than 20 years to complete. This first novel was published as a whole in 1982, and the last in the series wan’t released until 2003. Upon publishing the last one, King went back and heavily edited and revised the earlier books to better reflect the series as a whole. This book was written by a young, ambitious author, and there’s still a bit of pretension hanging in the corners – but it comes across as concise, collected, and well-planned. I’m eager to see how the writing and the universe evolve over the series. The ending of this first installment leaves much to be desired – there is the conclusion of a character arc but, like the rest of book, the denouement raises more questions than it answers. I have to say it was extremely unsatisfying, but I also have faith that it sets up the rest of the novels spectacularly. I’d imagine that reading just the first book would be akin to assembling the ingredients to bake a cake, and then… just walking away. King has assembled here all the ingredients for a masterful fantasy epic in a vivid, visceral world that hearkens not from European folklore but from Americana. It is an extremely refreshing and enjoyable read and I am eager to follow the eponymous Gunslinger to his demise. Fun fact: Dogs enjoy this book too. Mine found it quite tasty. (www.FictionForesight.com)
Introduction to King's Labyrinthine World and Elaborate Mythology "His shirt, the no-color of rain or dust, was open at the throat, with a rawhide thong dangling loosely in hand-punched eyelets. His hat was gone. " And so the reader is introduced to Stephen King's renowned Gunslinger Roland Deschain, the enigmatic wanderer and chaser of the man in black. I'd read much about King's rabidly adored (or hated) "Dark Tower" series and having just finished his fabulous "It", I was looking to continue the whole dark, deep and moody thing. The first in the series, "Darktower: The Gunslinger" certainly fit the bill...though not exactly what I expected, the book sets the tone for a deeply intricate and cheerless fantasy seemingly set in an apocalyptic old west. Readers must take it on faith that King is leading somewhere good with his epic series, because this first book provides no answers and very little clarity, while building a hugely labyrinthine world and an elaborate mythology. I find King's writing a bit clunkier than usual, and it contains an overwhelming amount of symbolism and vague foreshadowing that I can only assume comes to fruition later in the series...since very little of it did so in "Gunslinger". The read was enjoyable, but any reader should assume a commitment to continuing with the series in order to achiever a fulfilled experience. I was left wanting more, but I'm not sure if I feel that in a good way. ☺
Convoluted language The story jumps around a lot with little in terms of segues. It was tricky at times to even figure out what was going on. I suppose I expected more from the book he allegedly considers to be his magnum opus. I really wanted to enjoy this book, but I had no idea what was going on.
the best stephan king book I have read the whole series many times. This is one of the best books in the series. I don't like the changes in the revised addition. the way I see it the book should read #1 (the original), then 2, 3, 4, the wind through the key hole, 5 , 6, 7, and then this book.
Rocky start to a good series I enjoy the Dark Tower series immensely BUT... The start of the Dark Tower series, The Gunslinger, is rocky, but interesting. The goal of reaching the Dark Tower doesn't come out until the end of the book; reaching the man in black seems to be the goal, the end, not the beginning. Though the book is absolutely necessary and introduces my favorite character, Jake, it just isn't as well written as the following books. That also means the series gets better, so if you like the first book you'll love the second. The dark and gritty overall style of King's writing is evident even at this early juncture, but the flow of the stories is broken due to the fact they were all short stories written to be read one at a time. In part the fantasy adventure story of the Gunslinger reflect a creativity King would use through out his later career (stories were written very early in his career). I have always thought that King was best when writing fantasy novels like The Stand and The Eyes of the Dragon. Part of these and other books he has written appear throughout out the series. I recommend reading this series, though it isn't as enthralling at the start, the series is first rate.
Awesome start to an awesome journey!!!! Unlike a lot of readers of The Dark Tower series, I completely enjoyed The Gunslinger. The pace was a little slower than the later volumes, I'll agree, but I feel it allowed me a more intimate introduction to Roland, the man. This is my second to me through the series and I think I like it even more the second time around...complete with the Horn of Eld.
A Life Changing Series I picked up The Gunslinger at a local B&N about 4 years ago. By that time the first 4 books were out so I didn't have to wait to get into the series. When I finally got to the fourth book (Wizard and Glass), I had to put it aside for a while because I had reached a difficult time in school and needed to concentrate on work. I was also feeling a little bored with the first 400 pages of it. When school ended in June '06 I decided it was time for me to finish up. The books had been eating away at the back of my mine. I was dying to know what would happen to Roland, Jake, Eddie, Susannah, and Oy. By that point the final (and long awaited) ending to the series had been released. I had to resist the temptation to look up spoilers on the internet. I was so glad I did. The ending did not please a lot of readers, but I thought it was the perfect ending. King managed to take what, from any other writer, would only have been a so-so ending and turn it into a life changing experience (at least for me). With my new outlook on life I highly recommend the series: The Gunslinger, The Drawing of the Three, The Wastelands, Wizard and Glass, Wolves of the Calla, Song of Susannah, and The Dark Tower
West Hell The Gunslinger is a great book by Stephen King. I really liked the story behind all the twisting words on the pages. A man who is known as The Gunslinger sets off in hunt for a mysterious man referred to as "the man in black", and finds himself in the presence of a young boy named Jake. Stephen King really gives us a sense of character in The Gunslinger, whether it be from the hard-nosed Gunslinger, the young boy Jake, or the mysterious man in black. When Jake is introduced into the story everything really begins to come together. Before we meet Jake, King keeps the reader guessing at why things are happening in the story. He doesn't take the first few chapters to introduce the characters. He cuts straight to the chase, and begins with the story; we have to get to know the characters as we read the book. I believe that this is what makes Stephen King such a good writer. And if you really like The Gunslinger, there are sequels like Book 2 in The Dark Tower series The Drawing of Three; book 3 The Waste Lands; book 4 Wizard and Glass; and book 5 Wolves of the Calla. The Gunslinger all in all a great book for any mature audience, as well as The Dark Tower series.
Failed to Engage Me I am a Stephen King fan but had never read any of his Dark Tower series, so I decided to give them a try after King revised and reissued them. I'm afraid this series is just not for me. I didn't expect everything to be tied up with a neat bow in the end because this is the first book of a series. But I also didn't expect to be bored, and I was. I really don't much like Roland, the gunslinger. I don't really care if he catches up with the man in black. I don't care if he ever finds the Dark Tower. I did like Jake, a sad kid he met along the way. I am still a Stephen King fan, but assuming that this first book is typical of the rest of the series, this series is just not for me.
Great Start for the Series Right from the start the Gunslinger grabs your interest and doesn't let it go. King gives you a character you know nothing about and has you hooked on him after five pages. In a world very similar to our own, the gunslinger is on a seemingly never ending quest after the Man in Black. In this battle of good and evil, King shows why he is one of the great writers of today. Roland (the Gunslinger) is the last of a lost group of heroes. The story carries you with him across a desert and through a mountain in pursuit of the Man in Black and in search of the Dark Tower. On his Quest, the Gunslinger befriends an overly sexual bartender named Allie and a young boy named Jake. Roland's speed and sureness with decisions has major effects on his relationships with both. King also mixes in brief stories from Roland's past that fill you in on what and who he really is. With a very deep final chapter, King finishes the novel with a strength that no one else could. This ending grandly sets up the next book in the series, where one can only hope that King keeps the greatness of this novel alive in the next instalment of the Dark Tower.
If it do ya, the Dark Tower series is King's true masterpiece. Roland will win you over on his journey to the tower. King has woven a must-read masterpiece. If you have ever read (and enjoyed) a Stephen King book, ANY Stephen King book, take the time to read the Dark Tower. Roland and his Ka-Tet will live in your heart and nightmares forever.
The characters are sometimes hard to love but they grow as the series progress Read this book back in the early 80's. Rediscovered and read the entire series. The characters are sometimes hard to love but they grow as the series progress... Have read many Stephen King books. Have to say this series and The Stand are my favorites.
Good But What's The Plot/Point? This is a really nice and well written novel but I had much trouble understanding what was supposed to happen. I am guessing that this book was to set up for the rest of the series but it didn't exactly set up anything. For 300 pages, this nice character, who occasionally (for unknown reasons) goes postal and slaughters everyone in sight, seeks a man in black. He finally finds him and I don't know if it's just me but I had absolutely no idea what the man in black said to him. The writing isn't too complicated, the ideas are just extremely far-fetched and different; this isn't necessarily a bad thing but to enjoy the read, you have to have an open mind. So, overall, very well written; very confusing at parts, and no true feat to be accomplished. This may seem like a high rating for a not so great review, but this is because 1. I'm not going to trash a book just because I couldn't completely understand it and 2. Every series has to have a first book to explain everything. Definitely read because even if you don't like this, it's worth it so you can continue the rest of the great series. Hope this helps! :)
Better with age I first read The Gunslinger when I was 19, and I liked it then, but I have to say it got better with age. I just reread it (13 years later), and was able to appreciate it so much more this time around.
A Great Series Is Started With A Great Book In a world part fantasy and part old western that is at some points a mirror to our own, a gunslinger named Roland is on the pursuit of the man in black. Roland is the last gunslinger and survivor of humanity in a world that people say has "moved on". Roland travels in the West, chasing the man in black, who you discover is a great sorcerer. The only clues leading to the man in black on the flat, dry hardpan of the desert are the leftover ideograms of his fires. Roland continually feels that he is getting closer to the man in black, but he also feels that the man in black is aware he is being followed and is leaving traps for him. Roland finds his way to a man named Brown who befriends him and allows him to refill his supplies. While talking, Brown learns of Roland's visit in the previous town Tull. He finds out that Roland saw a strange man, who before his visit, had died and had been brought back to life by the man in black. Brown also discovers that Roland met a girl named Anne, and got in a relationship that almost delayed his pursuit of the man in black. Brown is shocked to hear that Roland was led into one of the man in black's traps and was forced to kill an entire town of crazed people, including Anne. After walking across the desert for 16 days, Roland meets and befriends a boy named Jake who is living in an abandoned way station. They both must find the man in black as they continue to the other side of the mountains, where you will discover why Roland is following him. Roland will have to make many decisions regarding his friend Jake in order to continue his journey. I would recommend The Gunslinger to anyone who enjoys fantasy adventure books due to the interesting although complicated plot I found. The book is perfectly structured, and the characters are well built and nearly unforgettable. The words that Steven King uses are so powerful that they can paint a picture in your mind and make you feel like you are a part of the book. I believe that this book is so fascinating that not only will you jump to the rest of the books in The Dark Tower series, but you may also read The Gunslinger once again.
Couldn't get into it. I had heard such wonderful things about the Dark Tower series. With that in mind I purchased this book to give it a try. I just couldn't get into it at all. The book like several others (Neromancer, Snowcrash, Lord of the Rings) had its own vocabulary which was hard for me to get into. I also don't particularly like when authors use spelling to create accents. As a goal oriented person, I had to finish the book on principal haha. I ended up buying the audiobook to try and drudge through it. I felt the entire book was similar to the 300 or so pages in Harry Potter Book 7 where they are in the woods the entire time.. which was horrible. I have actually heard from several who are into the series say "Skip book 1, read the plot summary from wikipedia and start with book 2, it is much better"
... and was very hopeful that I could find another good series to get my teeth into I am a real fan of 'fantasy' type novels and was very hopeful that I could find another good series to get my teeth into. However this one was, quite honestly, extremely hard work to read. It never seemed to gain any momentum and the characters and story were quite superficial. I persevered until the bitter end but didn't enjoy the book at all. Unfortunately I now have to look for another series because I'm not prepared to risk trying the next book after Gunslinger.
I was wondering why I enjoyed the series so much “The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.” I had read the Dark Tower series years ago and remember liking the series very much. I decided to reread the series when I saw that the movie had started filming. I really don't remember much of the series so I was thrilled to get started. The book starts off with the famous line above. Introduces you very slowly to the characters and through some flashbacks gives more insight. The story is very linear as it follows the Gunslinger as he chases down the man in black. It took longer than anticipated to get into the book as it just seemed odd the pace and the writing. After finishing with the book, I was wondering why I enjoyed the series so much, as this first book of the series is just ok. Best Part of the Book: The chat between the man in black and the gunslinger. The man in black explains the mysteries of the universe, where the greatest mystery isn't life, but size, and goes on to explain all the worlds in a blade of grass (Horton Hears a Who). That nothing is solid and the universe is infinite.
A bit vague The problem with this book is that it seems to start in the middle of a story with no idea whats really happening. We get the idea of the gunslinger chasing the man in black but we don't know why or for how long. The story seems to gain some substance as it progresses; the gunslinger meeting the boy Jake and the events on their journey provide some story line to follow. It is only in the series' suceeding books (the drawing of three, the wastelands) that we get an overall picture of whats happening. The series is like one big jigsaw; instead of a flowing storyline, the story jumps around from the present to the gunslingers past. King is one of the few writers who can do this successfully. Even though I found it hard to follow the first book, the following in the series are excellent and I would definitly recommend them, even though it is necessary to read the first book in order to follow the storyline. A bit of a tough read, but worth it in order to follow the rest of the series.
Great book, worthless Kindle sample I read this book a few years ago. Well, I didn't read it, I listened to it on audio book. Still, this is a great book. It can be a bit slow moving at times but it is a wonderful introduction to one of my favorite literary characters. The real reason I'm writing this is because lately I've have been wanting to re-read(re-listen, whatever) this awesome series because I never finished it. I was looking at it on my kindle and decided to get the sample to whet my appetite, so to speak. Well, the sample is so useless. It is nothing but a three part introduction and then a foreword. That's it. Needless to say, it did not whet my appetite. I still think it is a must read cause the book really is amazing. So for anyone who hasn't read the book and read the less than helpful sample: read the book. Really, it's a very good book with amazing characters, set in fantastical worlds. Dear Kindle, Might want to get your act together when it comes to samples cause if this was a book I had not read this sample might have put me off it. Just saying.
Perhaps King's Finest Tale The Gunslinger, written over the space of twelve years, is perhaps King's finest, most poetic tale. No other character in all of his work is as well-crafted or mesmerising as Roland of Gilead. We not only learn of his heartache, and motivation, and humanity, but we live them through clear, descriptive writing (despite the abundance of adverbs). Many people struggle through the beginning. I urge you to push on. The reward will come. The gun battle in the town of Tull is furious, written with a precision for detail achieved by few writers. Roland's battle with his teacher Cort, for the right to be a Gunslinger, is easily the most triumphant scene of King's I have ever read. By the time you reach the end you will be eager for the next three books, and urging King to write the fifth, sixth, and seventh installements, as he has promised. You will wonder how you have gone without Roland of Gilead for so long, and the Dark Tower will be part of you.
The Dark Tower I heard about this for so long from friends, finally reading it. The book starts slower than I thought it would and there's not as much action as I hoped. The main action is the shootout. It's mostly about a quest for now, so that's why I recommend to those who like books involving quests. I have the second book to start, hoping it's better.
Audio Book 1 of a Series - Get Hooked! If you can not commit to a series DON'T READ THIS BOOK, this is just the beginning of a fascinating story. Reading only one book may result in the negative reviews I've seen, think of each book as a long chapter, and the gunslinger is just Chapter 1. Meet Roland Deschain of Gilead, the last gunslinger, and join him in his quest to find the man in black, he has spent years on this task, and this is just his first step towards his real quest which is finding the dark tower. As I write this review I am starting book 5 of the Audio Books (unabridged); I have never looked forward to my 1 hour commute (each way) until I got hooked on this story, I LOVE traffic jams now. Book 1 and Book 5 are read by George Guidall, books 2-3-4 are read by Frank Muller which I liked much better, and because I started and continued right away with each book, the change really bugged me. But the story is so compelling that I just got hooked again. Join the journey!
Still one of the best out there The Gunslinger is the beginning of Stephen King's great Dark Tower series, but it could have also been a great stand alone book and even though the series grew into something that i didn't particular care for in the later books, this one is still great. If your a King fan and haven't read this series then you owe it to yourself to read it. The first four books are great and while the last 3 are sub-par at least compared to the first four the series is still one of my all time favorites. I would recommend this book to anyone, but with the warning that you may be disappointed with the ending of the overall series, but heck the ride is all that really matters. It's not the destination that's fun its the journey and for the most part this is one of the better journey's out there at least until the end is near. A great book in a decent series by a great writer, so if you haven't read it then pick it up and check it out, I'm betting you won't be disappointed.
Awesome read, better the second time through the series This is actually my 2nd read through the Gunslinger and the first thing that struck me outside of nostalgia of reading it a second time was how well the overall universe was put together. So many things/creatures/themes we encounter in later books are talked about in the first book. I totally missed this on my first read, mainly because I wasn’t familiar with the things yet. > The man in black fled across the desert and the Gunslinger followed. That’s the line that we open with, meeting our man in black and our Gunslinger. We figure out it something like a western, but there are machines around that are clearly not ‘old’, well they are but that’s because we learn that much of the technology to build the things we have today has been lost as the word ‘moves on’. The biggest striking feature of the book is the clarity with which Stephen King describes all the items we see. You end up getting so drawn in to the world it takes you most of the book to realize you haven’t been told the name of the Gunslinger. Much mystery surrounds all the characters we encounter. You probably don’t realize that at first, but as you progress in the series and see many of the people continuing to come back in this world or another gives more weight to the actions taken when you first meet them. Overall, this is one of my favourite series to read.
Fantastic book and series!!! I am three books into this series and I absolutely love it. The story is very new and fresh and keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. The characters are really dynamic and seem to come alive thanks to king's exceptional writing. The elements of fantasy are really enjoyable, but the ties to our world take this story to a whole new level. It has everything from the sky scrapers of NY to demons bears in jungles of other worlds. This book is a real treat to listen to.
It started out good reading and then the longer it went The Dark Tower l: The Gunslinger is typical Stephen King. It started out good reading and then the longer it went, the better it got. This book made you want to finish it because you know Dark Tower ll is waiting for you to dive right in. You just have to find out what happens to the Roland.
Second chances The first time I read this story, I was uninterested. No because it was bad, but I suppose I was tired and reading it during commutes to work. So I wasn't paying much attention and kind of lost the plot. With that, I lost interest. Now I've decided to give it another go, and I'm wide-eyed with intrigue. We follow Roland of Gilead, last of the Gunslingers in a world that resembles a forgotten version of our own. In his quest for a mysterious tower (and the pursuit of the man in black) he encounters monsters and demons and people in need of his aid. With every page we turn, we're learning more about these people, their desires, and what lies at the end of their paths. For those of you who don't know, this is book one of seven (plus an eighth spin-off and a couple of short stories). I read up to the third one on my first bout, and can safely tell you that this is the one that gets the story into motion. But don't be swayed. It's full of action, convincing dialogue and a fully-rounded cast. As I'm new to the fantasy genre, I'm finding myself excited by the adventure and the world that is being built around these characters. In short, I am utterly absorbed.
Strange.. Wow... not sure what to say as I just finished this a couple of minutes ago. I've read the other reviews that say this is the slowest book out of the series and to keep plodding on, which I believe I will do. I'm not sure what I was expecting; I like King and I love TLOTR, but this is not what I expected. I can now appreciate King's forward about reducing ambiguity as there were some passages that were pretty ethereal. I'm still not sure what I just read..
Masterful storytelling...and only the beginning... Master storyteller Stephen King launches one of the greatest epics of modern times, The Dark Tower, in this introductory novel - The Gunslinger. In barely half the length of an average King novel, we are introduced to the main character of the series and given an eerie look into his background and a foreshadowing of his future. The Gunslinger, also known as Roland, is on a quest for The Dark Tower - but more immediately he must track down the Man in Black and try to seek vengeance for all the wrongs he has caused along his path. Along the quest he picks up a companion - a boy named Jake - who claims to be from a different time and place altogether. And this is only the beginning... If you are a fan of great quests and fantasy writing the likes of Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings" (King admits that Tolkien's stories were an inspiration for this tale) then you will thoroughly enjoy the Dark Tower series.
The Gunslinger I'm finding it difficult to decide exactly how I feel about this book. At parts I loved it and at others I was bored by it. I think I will need a reread at some stage to more fully comprehend everything. It was enjoyable though and I look forward to the rest of the series.
The Second Time Around I just finished reading "The Gunslinger" for the second time. I first read it about a year ago intending to read the entire series but life intervened halfway through "The Drawing of the Three" and I just got back to the books. Rather than begin where I left off, I decided to start at the beginning and get back on track. I am so glad that I did! Rather than the difficult reading I encountered the first time, the second reading was a joy. I am staggered by the breath of King's imagination all over again. I would definitely recommend a rereading to anyone who is having trouble following the story! Roland is a complex character, real in the way he wrestles with his conscience as he makes difficult choices. However he never gets so mired in guilt that he is unable to move forward. He finds a way to continue his quest and thus takes his first steps to becoming an epic character.
Wow, What A Read This is only the second King novel I've gotten all the way through. I'm hooked on this series, and I will have to see where it all goes. But this book was like nothing I've ever read. The internal struggle of the main character is particularly riveting. I enjoyed it, and thought it didn't just pretend to be deep but really was 'deep'. More than just a novel, it seems like an exploration of the human soul.
BEST STEPHEN KING BOOK EVER WRITTEN!!!!!!!! AMAZING!!!!!! Best of his work,though I recommend reading the prequel comics first to get more of a background on the main charecter,and belive me you will not beable to put it down.Anyway,BEST STEPHEN KING BOOK EVER WRITTEN!!!!!!!!!!:-):-):-)
#1 of the Dark Tower Saga This is the beginning of a tale, that is still not finished, and may not finish before I die. If it ends before King's dispare, I wonder.... As I started on this one I was litterly pulled into a new world. Never have I been so absorbed bij a book. I 'ate' the complete saga in a month. The book(s) wanted and confinced me to keep reading. I was addicted to the romantic but harsh world of Roland. The combination of present, past and future are magnificant. You will live the life and adventures of each character. This men is the King of story-telling. I read at the cost of my own health, almost like drug. I didn't sleep, but read for a week, when I noticed that THAT was a tad odd. But I read them where and when I could. School, work, home, at my FORMER girlfriends house. People would call me crazy. And it was. I hope I'll never run in to a saga like this one again.
The new version of Gunslinger It has been years since I read the old version. It has been years since I finished THE DARK TOWER series. I think this one is a bit smoother and easier to follow. Now I guess I have to finish the series again. It is a great series. A book to compete with THE STAND, and THE TALISMAN! John. D Elder
A Fine Work of Literature I have read The Gunslinger three times now, and I still enjoy it every time. Every Stephen King fan simply must read this series. I hope it is made into films (or tv series) as Internet buzz suggests it might! But nothing could compare to reading the books for oneself. The series reaffirms why even with a degree in English lit, Stephen King remains my favorite author!
Great intro to an amazing and intense story line Great intro to an amazing and intense story line! The descriptive language all around is thorough, but exceptionally so in the last 15-30 pages. The ending is so vivid and mind boggling you'll remember it like your own memory, may even replicate your version of the settings in a dream to call your's. This is one series I'll have on my bookshelf until I don't have a use for books anymore!
If you've never dipped your toes into the dark river of Stephen King fantasy, this is your chance If you've never dipped your toes into the dark river of Stephen King fantasy, this is your chance. The Gunslinger is the first in The Dark Tower series (8 books total), and it's a story as Un-Stephen King'ish as it gets. A lone shooter, The Gunslinger, traverses his In-world in the search of the man in black and, ultimately, The Dark Tower, through a dreamlike mirror of our existence, complete with references to modern day like Beatles' Hey Jude or Joyce's Ulysses, yet utterly different. I started reading the series at the urging of my boyfriend, and couldn't put the book down (on book 2 now). The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that at some point closer to the end of the book I got upset. All of a sudden the whole quest seemed no more then a boy's play, with men at large being obsessed over a search for manhood. I wanted to yell, please, what about strong women hero characters? But that's just me, don't listen to me. Read it. It's brilliant.
I've begun my journey For the Dark Tower! It's been a while since i have planned on reading the DT series. The reason i held off was because i wanted to read all seven of them in a row, and i had alot of stand alone novels by a few different authors that i wanted to read first(as a matter of fact i still do, but i can't wait anymore!) Also, just last week i recieved Dark Tower six and seven in the mail, and now that i have all of them, it is time i begin! I give The Gunslinger a 4 instead of a 5 because it is a little confusing, and a little on the slow side at times. That being said, since the whole series is really one very long story, i understand the need to have some background and information in the first one to set you up for the rest of the ride. Still, The Gunslinger does have action, and is a great way to start what i just know will be a mind blowing series. This book is very good, and i am planning on the next ones to be GREAT! If you can't tell, i am extremely excited about finally taking the road to the Dark Tower, and i hope to have read them all by the time "Wind/Keyhole" comes out in April....i will review the books as i finish them! Lastly, my "real" rating for the Gunslinger would be like a 4.25....but since a "4" is the closest i can get, i went with that. AHHHH can't wait to read the rest!
Not a Good Start to a Series The Gunslinger by Stephen King is the first book of his popular Dark Tower series. I believe at the moment there is a total of eight books that contribute to the series. To make it clear, I am not a Stephen King fan. I have read some of his books and for most of them, I found myself not liking more of them than the opposite. I've always wanted to give The Dark Tower series a go simply because of the brilliant things I have heard. The Gunslinger is the introduction to the series and gives us readers a chance to get our feet wet. At only 280 pages long, it's perfect for the introductory type books. Not too short but not absurdly long. The problem I have with the book is well, how boring it all is. I definitely expected something more grand, especially due to this being an introduction and as an author, you'll want to capture your audiences attention for the future books to come in the series. The Gunslinger is definitely anything but grand and in a way very disappointing. The Gunslinger introduces us to the character of Roland, the gunslinger himself. Right in the very beginning, you'll find out that he is on a task to chase and find the man in black and ultimately, to find the Dark Tower itself. Exactly why you have no idea. The more interesting part of the book is the alternate fantasy world (mid-world? limbo?) the characters live in. It has this American old west feel to it as many parts of the land is barren. It's hard not to picture of Roland as some kind of cowboy in a classic western movie. But besides that, the world is not exactly the world we live in today. His world has "moved on". Think of it as some sort of post apocalyptic world but not to the heavy extremes. Roland will meet characters that have been part of the before world, something he doesn't quite understand himself. Point is, the world they live in is fairly weird and it adds a mysterious feel to it. Between his travels from different places, the story would give us a flash back of Roland's childhood. The problem is everything just feels a bit odd. I had to constantly remind myself that the original version of this book was written many, many years ago. The author at that time was just starting his career. Much of the book surrounds Roland yet I'm not sure if he's the good guy, the bad guy or someone in between. It feels like a mess at times and the author definitely does help in any way with his writing style. Many users will feel completely frustrated throughout the book because not much is made clear. Again, why is the man in black so interesting to him? There is so much useless drivel going on that it can get quite hard to focus on what exactly is happening in the book. Patient readers like myself who made it to the end are still left with more questions than answers. However, I think that was the point the author wanted to make. Towards the end of the book, the conversation between Roland and the man in black does make some things clear. It portrays the feeling like this is some whole Matrix/Men in Black sort of thing. What the author does do quite well is portraying the world around the characters. He doesn't need to use a lot of words and yet everything is still so vivid in my mind. I guess that shows Stephen King's genius mind at work even when he was still considered an amateur. Action wise, there are some pieces of it here and there but not exactly what I call the main attraction of the story. Roland is a gunslinger and so obviously he has a pair of guns to work with. There was a part in the story where it flashes back to Roland's earlier life battling his teacher that got me more excited than anything he did in the present. Without a doubt, The Gunslinger is a very weird book when you first pick it up. You really need to have an open and vivid imagination to see things through. I have even read that fans of the series did not so much like this introductory book and that things will definitely get better starting with book two. After reading the description of The Drawing of the Three, I can completely agree as well. It definitely sounds much more interesting. The good news for me is that the series has ended as I wrote this review with a total of 7 books in the series. The 8th book is set sometime between the 4th and 5th novel, chronological wise. I will definitely put the next book in the Dark Tower series in my "to-read" list but just when I will get to it I can't say.
Best series ever....I am still waiting on the movie This series is totally addictive and I used to read it every year until I had children...not as much time. Stephen wrote himself into this series and it's fascinating combination of western, sci-fi, and thriller. It's just AMAZING! read it dude.
Persevere - it's worth it. One of the few King novels I've ever had trouble getting into was The Gunslinger. But persevere, because so much depends upon this first book when reading the following volumes of the series. The Oracle's prophecy, the dark man's vision, the sacrificial child who becomes increasingly important as the series grows. Perhaps it was the sparse writing that put me off to begin with - so different from the rich, textured feel of most of King's novels. It's also difficult to empathise with the lone gunslinger. But again, as the series goes on, it's intriguing to watch this obsessed man change and develop further. One needs a starting point, and the cold, single-minded man that Roland is at the outset is a noble one. Still, I was glad when I watched him gradually change and begin to love more than just his Dark Tower
Loved it Reread this after reading The Wind through the keyhole just to re acquaint with my old friends. Can't wait to get into the next book amazing how much I forgot or missed with the first reading. Awesome books thank you Stephen king
a good read - very well written. Many have said that one needs to 'suffer through this book', but reading this is a lot like the Stand. You need to read this for the enjoyment of learning about the characters and the place they are in, rather than expecting a typical good vs bad story. Ready to read the next one.
WOW!!! WOW!!! I came into reading this book with mixed expectations. People either love or hate this one. Even fans who love the entire Dark Tower series, point to this as one of the weakest and hardest to get through. However, I am pleased to say, they were wrong. Maybe it is because I read the version that Stephen King revised to match the tone set forth in the other books. I don't want to give anything away or give a blow by blow synopsis. I do want to say go into this book with an open mind. It is not a typical fantasy book, but is more of an action adventure. The book also raises several interesting questions and I look forward to finding the answers in the coming volumes, I've already picked up Drawing of the Three and can't wait to start finding the answers that both Roland and myself seek.
A strong start, with minor corrections I read and re-read this first book after King decided to update it, thankful that he had chosen to take his time and not tweak the formula or original story too much (cough*GeorgeLucas*cough). The first book of this epic fantasy starts off strong, brief, and without remorse for those who choose to drop it before reaching the ending. It's one of the few books King has written where it truly feels as if the writer himself is free, and King chooses not to attempt to bring out the story too quickly, allowing the gunslinger to travel at his own pace. The story picks up, to be sure, but this book has the FEEL of a western, which means a lot of the tension comes from nothing happening at all. If you can hold off judgment for a few more novels, you'll consider this first book a gratifying read.
What the Heck is Going On? "The Gunslinger" has no easily understandable plot. It is the introduction to the epic that follows. In the beginning, I was hopelessly confused. I had no idea why Roland was looking for the man in black, where he was, where he was from, or what the heck was going on. By the end of the book, I knew a little more, but not enough. Maybe that is why so many are addicted to this series. Beware: this is a bloody, dark, and violent tale with a main character you aren't sure whether to cheer for or despise. Is he a hero.....or what? Now I will have to read at least the next book in the series to see if I can learn any more. But this book in itself was an unsatisfying read. I don't know if I want to sign up for the 7-volume-epic ride. Especially if they are all as bizarre as this one.
The Opening Book to an Epic... I've read a great many Stephen King books over the course of my life, and been a huge fan of his writing. When I discovered this epic, something that was a blend of Stephen King's notorious horror writing and a fantasy world, I jumped on it. To put it lightly, I couldn't put this book down. It was shorter than I'm used to with King's books, but was a fantastic opening to what promised to be an epic series. This particular book deals with Roland and his journey through his broken world after the man in black. We get little glimpses of the conflict between these two, but never a clear idea of what exactly happened between them, or why Roland is chasing the man. All we know is an undying hatred between them. A small town, through a desert, under a mountain, and finally he catches the man. I wont tell you the rest. But I can say, Roland picks up a companion, Jake, a young boy who is taken from his home world and thrown into mid-world without any idea of what's going on. The bond forged between Roland and Jake is one that will break your heart, in the worst way. This is a must-read for anyone looking for a good fantasy read. You won't be disappointed.
The Quick Start to an Epic Adventure Fans be warned: "The Gunslinger" is definitely not typical King fare. But I wouldn't have it any other way. The basic premise of the book is as such: Roland Deschain is the Last Gunslinger (a kind of uber-cowboy, so to speak) in a seemingly post-apocalyptic world, traversing the desert in pursuit of an adversary aptly named the Man in Black. King will amaze you with the deep descriptiveness of this novel. You'll actually SEE the desolate look of desert town dwellers, actually FEEL the sand whip at your face. All in all, "The Gunslinger" is just a beautiful novel, and the start of something much greater. If you enjoy(ed) this book in any way, be sure to pick up the rest of the Dark Tower books ("The Drawing of the Three" is the next book in the series, FYI).
King's Masterpiece I think alot of the other reviewers have already hit on this, but I might as well say it again. Most people will scoff at the idea, (Hell, I scoff at the idea) but this book should be placed among the Masterpieces. The whole concept and ideas behind this book are awesome. Somewhere in all the trials of age, shootouts, and long descriptions of the wastelands, something in this book touched my heart. I've read this book at least 10 times and I love it every time. It's obvious that King put a little of himself in the story, that he's never come close to replicating, even in his attempt with Wizard of the Glass. For the people who say they found the whole story boring...well this book isn't written for you. Try some of King's other more action oriented stories.
A Mystery of the Setting There just isn't a suitable word to describe the masterpiece King has created. When I first picked up this book my mind was convinced this book would be an adventure of a lone wanderer to some mystical place. For the most part this is true but King played, what I would call, a double plot for this book. One of the plots is just that, a lone wanderer searching for a mystical place. The other plot is unique in the sense it is a plot for the reader: to discover the setting and background of the character. I do not want to give away the original setting King has created but I will say I was convinced it was just any old arid desert. As you read you will realize otherwise. King weaves this story with time frames such as those in the past events and the gunslinger's present journey. King has also mastered his ability to take a basic character and build upon an entire emotional and mental structure. He makes you understand the way the character thinks allowing the reader to predict his next words or perhaps no words. This novel had hardly any bland pages. Every event led to another and ever other was seemingly original. The end of this book can be a little much for the human mind but I do not want to discuss anymore to prevent giving away any surprises this book has in containment. This novel is a five star novel and one I absolutely recommend reading. This novel begins a journey that unravels into what I believe to be extraordinary series of novels: The Dark Tower.
Why it works...... I read this sometime after it came out, back in the day when word of mouth was probably the best way to find a good read. This qualified immediately. There's a reason that this book worked for me. I think every American my age (40's) was exposed to the cowboy myth while growing up. This book expanded the myth into a legend. It was the first (and to date only) "western fantasy/supernatural" novel, though it was predated by "High Planes Drifter" which has the same tone. Roland struck me as a fully developed character. The author knew who he was, but exposed him almost miserly. This kept the interest and tension high through out the book. I would highly recommend this for anyone who is looking to blend the cowboy myth and fantasy.
IT'S THE END OF THE BEGINNING For many years now I have been told to read The Dark Tower Series. I have put it off and put it off. I love Stephen King and his endless talent for writing but I admit that once in a blue moon, he produces a dud...after all; even gods have off-days! So, I feared that his Dark Tower books may have been under that category. On my 36th birthday, my better half presented me with the entire Dark Tower series. I was speechless and I plan to read and review each and every one of them. It won't be hard considering that I just finished "Gunslinger" in less than two hours. It sucked me right in. I would write more but my hands are shaking in anticipation for book two. Just trust me, read it for yourself and please do not wait as long as I did to start the series.
A journey begins I don't know why I didn't read this book sooner. It is incredibly well written and it absorbs you. If you enjoyed reading Lord of the Rings, you will probably enjoy The Gunslinger as well, and cherish it.
Whetting your appetite The Gunslinger introduces us to Roland, the last gunslinger. Gunslinger is pretty much what it sounds like, only way more badass. The first book whets your appetite for Roland's world--one of many worlds--and touches on the surface of his quest for the tower, the evil of the Man in Black, and Roland's troubling past that has left him without his family and friends. I still am not sure if I like Roland, but I respect him. His discipline and focus is admirable and though I haven't quite figured out what his values are, I believe he has them and sticks to them. Using the word "harsh" to describe Roland is a huge understatement. He goes where he needs to, for as long as he needs to, and does what he needs to, even if that includes losing the loved ones he has left to get closer to the Tower. Why does he need to go to the Tower? I have no idea. But I'll stick around to find out. Some quotes I liked: --The only contingency he had not learned how to bear was the possibility of his own madness. --It was an old yellow sound, like turning pages. --...but it's very rotten. Like the ideas of certain people, maybe. Just about every time I picked up this book I couldn't put them down. Stephen King's language is as beautiful and intriguing as the characters he's introducing you to. He comes up with people and scenarios and sentences I couldn't imagine in my entire life.
This series is one of my favorite of anything I've read This series is one of my favorite of anything I've read. And I'm really not a Stephen King fan on the whole. This is just so well written and probably the closest thing to perfect literature he will ever pen.
This book rocks If you thought Stephen King was only about horror then you my fellow readers were wrong. Stephen King has created a whole new world of adventure, love, terror and impossibilities from his own imagination. In the beginning Roland, the last Gunslinger, is chasing a man named Walter across a desert. During his chase he meets a boy named Jake from New York. Jake was sent to this world by dying in his own. Over a period of time Roland grows fond of Jake. And Jake like wise grows fond of Roland. But Roland is so obsessed with the Dark Tower that he would rather Jake die than loose the trail of the man named Walter. In the end Roland finally catches up with Walter and learns about his future from him. A future that looks rather promising.
the beginning of a saga Somewhere around 30 years ago Stephen King began a saga (one which many of us wondered if he'd ever finish) of epic proportions: The Dark Tower. Personally, I think it is his best work. The Gunslinger introduces us to Roland, Jake, the man in black, and the Dark Tower. It's a series of interrelated long short stories. And you can tell it is an older piece of King's, it reads like an older work of King's (even though he has somewhat revised it slightly in this latest edition). But still, even though it hasn't the narrative speed the other volumes has, it has its charm, and it is vital in introducing us to the character of Roland and Roland's quest. If you haven't started this series yet, why wait? He's finished the story. Get to it.
The first book was not the best SK has written but I could not put book ... Keep reading. The first book was not the best SK has written but I could not put book 3 down. This book lays down the background for the following books which seems a bit slow at some points but is absolutely necessary to understand these characters and the world they live in.
The Gunslinger As many other people have said, including Stephen King himself, this book is quite a bit different from his normal horror-style books. The writing in the book is done well, and leaves a certain amount of mystery that leaves you wanting to read on about Roland of Gilead, the gunslinger himself. Unfortunately, the vague past given about Roland can leave people confused or just make them loose interest. The first book is slightly different from the later books, but it is interesting in its own ways. The little links to our world definately add to the story, making you really think about the world you're reading about. This book is definately worth reading, but be prepared to have the urge to read the rest of the sprawling series.
The beginning of an incredible saga This book, and the series(so far at least) is pretty different from much of SK's other works. Ive recomended it to many friends and relatives, and most of the time get that question "Whats it about". Thats a really tough one with this book, and series, basically its about Roland and his quest for the Dark Tower, but explaining much more than that in an understandable way is hard. Someone compared it to Lord of the Rings, and I dont think thats an unfair comparison, they're both fantastic tales of fantastic journeys, and they're both absolutely incredible to read. Read it, you'll be doing yourself an incredible favour, trust me(or if you dont, trust all the other people who also love it).
Size defeats us all. Reread the updated volume now that the series is complete. Sub-chapter 'V' of chapter 5 sums up the this priceless piece of work, setting the stage for the remainder of the journey. Size indeed defeats us all.
The Beginning I've read this series multiple times, and every so often it will lure me back. Every time I read it I notice something new, foreshadowing is a little easier to spot, little nuances in a phrase spark a greater understanding. It is said "A journey of one thousand miles begins with a single step." This journey begins with "The man in black fled west, and the gunslinger followed." It is the start of a journey that will lead to places both familiar and strange. I feel that it is a journey that everyone should take, at least once.
the greatest series ever writen obviously this book was writen so many years agoand doesn't compare to his brillant writing now, but this book properly kicks of the dark tower series. anyone who loves his work will find when they finish book one, you have to finish the series. starting with the gunslinger and moving through to number four (wizard and glass)you'll find it so addicting that books 5-7 can't come out on print fast enough. i loved the adventure this series took me on and found myself upset that it ended. you'll want it to keep going. out of all is books (which i've read and own) these were the best and hardest to put down. i recomend this book to all of those fans that love to get lost in a stephen king book.
First read through. This was my first read through of The Gunslinger, and actually my first Stephen King novel. Many would advise against starting here with an author of such renowned, however I feel these books are what he truly wanted to be remembered for and it shows in the writing. Each word left me wanting for the next, packed with a full spectrum of emotions, and I cannot wait to read the next book in the series. My only concern is that the TV series/Movies will not do these books justice.
I know what made this book so cool Besides the obvious coolness of the story line what made this such a kick butt book was the fact that Roland(AKA-The Gunslinger) was not given a name untill the last chapter. This book is so great yet at the same time it is very underrated I know King fans that have never heard of the book much less the Dark Tower Serise. Bottom Line-If you have never hearsd of these books or do not have any idea what I am talking about now would be a great time to start. Weather it is the plot (Good vs. Evil) or the charecter development both of which are better than The Stand. Even if want something that will suck you in and not overtax your mind I recommend it.
Worth Reading to get to the Others This was one of Stephen King's earliest attempts at writing a novel, and it kind of shows. It's slow at times. A little grey. There are some great action scenes, but mostly you end up not caring much about the main character and not understanding the world that he lives in. However, the very next entry "Drawing of the Three" is one of the best in the series, and The Gunslinger is required reading to understand it. It's worth getting through the 220 or so pages to get to the other books in the series. And the Gunslinger isn't completely unenjoyable. It just doesn't live up to the rest of the series or the greater story of the Roland's quest for the mysterious Dark Tower.
SIMPLY AMAZING FANTASY!!! Whilst the opening sentence to this book may well go down in history as one of the most famous in the modern era of popular fiction, for me, having read this series five times and about to embark on yet another sojourn to locate the magical and mythical Dark Tower, it is the opening to the second paragraph of the book which makes it quintessentially Gileadean, and of course uniquely Kingensian: 'The desert was the apotheosis of all deserts, huge, standing to the sky for what looked like eternity in all directions. It was white and blinding and waterless and without feature save for the faint, cloudy haze of the mountains which sketched themselves on the horizon and the devil-grass which brought sweet dreams, nightmares, death.' Mr King takes a breath, and then progresses to talk about the character central to the entire voluminous seven-book series: The Gunslinger. In a few short heartbeats, the reader learns that whilst he is thirsty, he yearns not for a drink. Whilst he is true, he is not a holy man, not a follower of the Man Jesus. We meet a farmer called Brown, who lives with a talking Raven. We learn shortly of the town called Tull, and of course we learn of the Man In Black. He may be many things, Roland tells Allie, "... But a liar isn't one of them." This book is a classic. Newcomers may well wonder what the fuss is all about but those strange members of the human race known as "Constant Readers" will savour every word, every drop of atmosphere which drips from the book as you turn each page. Some revelations are shocking, and disgusting, until you remember who wrote the story in the first place. Most however, are fascinating, and are like going back through history and asking yourself the same questions over and over and over again: "where were you when this happened? Do you remember this?" Of course in some cases, even for constant readers, the answers may sometimes (shockingly) be no - it is hard to remember every word in every book when you read 2 or 3 books per week, every week, for years on end. But I digress. Some questions that are central to the story line will by necessity have to remain unanswered in this review. The core points to remember are this: the book is easy to read, hugely entertaining, with a gripping plot, amazingly strong characters all set in a brand new universe which is like nothing you have ever read. Yes, it parallels the one we find ourselves in daily, but that just makes the story all the more compelling. As the author so helpfully points out in his insightful introduction, it is indeed a cross between Lord Of the Rings and "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly". Indeed, your enjoyment of the book, and the series as a whole, will be enhanced if you remember this single, solitary fact. But by all means jump right in, read it. Let it change your life. But just remember, the devil is in the details. And he makes his first appearance on page twenty nine of this extraordinary opening to an incredible reading experience, which incidentally, equals nineteen plus ten. BFN Greggorio!
A Post apocalyptic lovers Dream Book. King's Story of a world that has "Moved On" is extremely entertaining. A Post apocalyptic lovers Dream Book! Set in the far off future ware were not shooting at each other with Laser beams but Hard Caliber 6 shooters. Roland is a Gun Slinger, a Law Giver on a quest to find the Dark Tower, a nexus point that holds millions of time lines and worlds in check. Rolands quest will sling shot him back and forth between the present, future, and Past. All of Kings Books tie into this Dark Tower in some way or another. When you finish the Story, your going to want to re-read the Dark Tower series Again, & Again to catch the subtle nuances that tie everything together.
Big surprise for me. If you are like I was, not getting into this series because you just couldn't imagine Stephen King writing anything that had to with a western type fantasy, then get into this series now! I made the mistake of putting it off. Read the first book in one sitting and I'm on to the next six. This is a simple read in the sense that it's a small book in page numbers. King packs the story into every sentence and has you turning pages faster than you can imagine. This book is not on par with masterpieces like, Pet Sematary, or The Stand, but it's not the let down that From A Buick 8 was either. Get this now and enter a world you will not want to leave any time soon.
There's nothing like a walk in the desert This book is literally about someone walking across the desert - and is strangely captivating. Granted, this is no ordinary individual as the "constant reader" is introduced to a character that many have come to adore - Roland, the gunslinger. This series is difficult to describe - part western, part science fiction, alternative universe, fantasy, epic - where none of these categories does justice to the magnitude of the Dark Tower series. This book should also have a warning sticker "Do not start, unless you are ready to become engrossed by the full series" - it's tough to stop once you've started your own journey to the Dark Tower.
Some words about the whole series, no spoilers. Ah The Dark Tower Series. A journey wrought with frustrations and rewards, a few chuckles and a few tears, and a few "are ya kidding me??? was he on crack when he wrote this??" and "are you kidding me?? was he touched by some god of literary hot-doggery when he wrote this???" A journey of any length and depth should be filled with all of the above. According to my "manage your kindle" page here on Amazon, I bought The Gunslinger to begin my adventure into this 7 book series on March 16, 2014. Why? Because of one simple sentence, a sentence I read perhaps even within these reviews for this book although now I can't say for sure. The sentence read: "If you want to understand the world of Stephen King, read The Dark Tower series first, then read the rest of his books." Too late for that. I've already been through about 5 other SK stories. But no matter. I only yearned more to know: what in the Sam Hill 'tire nation was that turtle all about in the book It??? So I took the dive, or followed across the desert as it were. And on this day of Saturday, October 11, 2014, I woke at 3:00 in the morning from a dream about a hammer head shark that caused the end of a softball game that I was about to play in the ocean and caused me to run frantically looking for my two children who were swimming naked deep at the bottom of a pool (Oh Freud, where art thou?).. I finished book 7. And now a few words: If you decide to take this series on you may read many reviews of each of the books. You'll see some favorable, some not. You may get a sense that one book is loved more than others, such and such book was the best in the series, so and so book was not the strongest, etc. The sense I got was that Books 1-4 were true to the tale, books 5-6 were fillers, and book 7 of course was the monumental ending. Many seem to agree that book 4 was their favorite. I can see why, it was an epic tale. But I have a different take. By the end of book 4 I was ready to throw in the towel. I read a few other books, then returned to the series. I'm a completist. Here's my personal take on each book. Book 1: Getting to know this insane world. Lot's of questions. Is it thousands of years in the future? A parallel world? Book 2: Introduced to some characters that I didn't really like or connect with. So odd that these characters would end up in a series like this. They don't fit. The story was told well, but the characters bugged me. Book 3: This was the low point of the series for me. I was becoming very skeptical at this point, questioning whether I should continue or not. My interest started drifting. The characters were here to stay and they were put in situations that I found rather silly. The series started feeling like a failed attempt at this point. But book 4 seemed to be a favorite so I pressed on. Book 4: I could see why many favored this book although I didn't. It's a story shared by the main character to his friends (ka-tet) of something that happened when he was about 15 years old. In and of itself, it's a well told story. I wasn't dazzled. I enjoyed this book way more than book 3 but I still wasn't dazzled. C'mon, I read It and The Stand. How does King consider this his magnum opus?? Like Forrest Gump I thought, well, I made it this far, so I kept runnin'. Now I feel truly discouraged. If many people consider books 1-4 true to the series and books 5-6 filler, then I really must be in for a dull ride. But all of the favorable reviews for the final book kept me going. Plus I start to feel the need to find out how this tale ends. So I enjoyed books 1-4 somewhat, didn't hate them, need to get to book 7, reading books 5-6 is the only way to do that. Book 5: I don't care what anyone says. It was at book 5 that I started to feel that King talent that I love. That King touch that keeps readers coming back. This is pure King. I felt that King's storytelling for this series at this point was kicked up several notches and would only continue to be kicked up. Could it be something to do with the 6 year hiatus from the series? the accident? Couldn't say but now I'm sold. I'm invested. Book 6: The momentum continues. Now I feel that King is leading us on the journey to the Dark Tower itself. It's close. Just need to do some very important things before we get there. I'm hooked. I can't wait. What book did I hate? Think was childish? I don't remember. Book 7: I don't think I've ever been more excited to sink my teeth into a book. King, you did it again. You've got that keep-ya-comin'-back-for-more ability. How long is this book??? I don't care! But wait, can King give me the ending that will put a bow on this series? Will it be all that I hope for? Well I promised "no spoilers" and I'll keep that promise. But I will say as I came to the end, at 5:30ish in the morning, King did give me an amazing ending, a sublime ending, a poetic ending, heartfelt. But wait, then we get a scolding, then even more of an ending that will leave you slack jawed. I read the last part again, turned off my Kindle in the darkness of the morning (thank you built in light), and tried to digest the series as a whole. Not book 2 or book 5 but the whole thing. I returned to book 1 to reread the first few pages, shook my head in awe, then got out of bed for the day with a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment. It's true, if you want to understand the world of Stephen King, read the Dark Tower series. Please hold on, keep going, don't give up. It's a journey. One like the characters themselves took. It has highs and lows. But in the end you'll say thank ya. A bonus: at the end of book 7 there is a list of SK books (there to fore) and all of the ones that have a tie in to the dark tower are in bold letters (The Stand, It, Hearts in Atlantis, etc.). Early in the series I thought that this series was for die hard King fans only. Others need not apply. And I would have probably told others if they asked to skip it, read other King books. But now I can only say you will be so much more enriched, in the know, fulfilled in a literary sense if you read this series. If it do ya, in the end, you'll say thank ya big big.
Weird, Wild Stuff Fantasy’s wizardry never managed to enchant me, and I never much cottoned to Westerns, but Stephen King’s THE GUNSLINGER manages to fuse these two disparate genres and deliver an experience unlike any other. I use the word ‘experience’ because it’s accurate: THE GUNSLINGER is richly engrossing as it transports you to a world carved out of pure originality. Our titular hero, Roland, is questing his way through a desert wasteland. His quarry is The Man in Black. Think you’ve seen this story before? Nope, not by a long shot, pilgrim. The parched world Roland wanders through is unlike any other in fiction. It certainly defies concise description, but here’s an attempt: it’s a cowboy tinged universe with saloons and brothels, but it’s littered with contemporary icons which offers (possibly) some kind of post-apocalyptic vibe, while a supernatural element introduces sorcery and also a likelihood that the entire sphere may be an afterlife of sorts, but there’s also a medieval kind of walled-off kingdom that factors into flashbacks. Oh, and a guy gets his face eaten by a hawk. Yeah… Beyond the structural, Stephen King harnesses a new writing style that is Old Testament meets Cormac McCarthy (only less head-scratch-inducing). Despite being more obscure than the typical King prose, it’s a fitting technique that underscores THE GUNSLINGER’s central strength: it is immersive and unique. A star is subtracted due to the ending being unsatisfying, but not unsatisfying enough to discourage me from continuing on Roland’s journey in the sequels. THE GUNSLINGER demonstrates why Stephen King is a great author, regardless of the insults hurled down from dusty perches populated with cranky, overfed literary professors.
I really enjoyed this book I really enjoyed this book. My daughter had given me her copy to read, she thought I would like it. I really enjoy Shephen King, and have read a lot of his books. I am looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
The first book is allegedly the worst of the bunch I'm going to hack my way through all seven books before the movie comes out. The first book is allegedly the worst of the bunch, so that's going to keep me going. At the end of book 1 we don't know very much about anything. But I guess that's what also keeps us going. Some of the flashbacks were a bit weird.and the made-up words caught me off guard at first. But then Shakespeare made up words too. There are plenty of online resources to tell you the definitions of the words. On to book two... I'll set my watch and warrant on it. Long days and pleasant nights to you all.
The quest begins... This is my second reading of this book. I hardly ever reread a book, but this book will keep me (re)reading for hours! There are so many adventures afoot, as I am introduced to the gunslinger and Jake. The rest of the books bring in a cast of characters that do not disappoint. Great beginning.
Revisiting the series I read all the books but the last a few years ago. Since I decided to finally finish the series, I decided to start at the beginning. The second time through causes things to make a little more sense.
and I liked the story well enough to listen to the whole ... I'm ambivalent about this book. The prose and worldbuilding are very appealing, but it's also dated - the pacing is rambling and the ending is a self-indulgent metaphysical ramble, and the only thing the female creatures (I can scarcely call them characters) want is sex. The audiobook is well-acted, and I liked the story well enough to listen to the whole thing despite having read the comics. I preferred the structure of the novel, which reveals backstory gradually. Unfortunately the voice actor for book 2 is different, so I won't be continuing the Dark Tower series, at least for a long while.
Review of Gunslinger This is the first of Steven King's Dark Tower series. It is well written and has a lot of action in it. It is Steven King. I reminds me of a bizzaro western. It has nothing too scary. I liked it. There are some adult situations, but nothing graphic. Some of it reminds me of a good western action book. Some parts are a little weird, but remember who wrote it. In general, I would recommend it.
Restored faith in myself I am not the most avid reader. I like chapters and conclusions and plot lines that each have a purpose...or so I thought. The Dark Tower series has restored my faith that I can actually sit and enjoy reading a book simply for the joy of reading it. Not every character has to be essential, not every moment has to be epic. Some chapters are just a few words long. But I didn't ever notice. This is the first book I can remember just reading, not worrying how long it is or how much I have read. It can go on and on and I will continue to enjoy it. 7 volumes? Bring it on...
Superb Definitely one of King's better works. Very imaginative, and the protagonist is one of the finest knights I have encountered in any work. This is not a work of horror, but is instead an introduction to an entirely new universe, one that ends up tying together many disparate works by King, including "It", "The Stand", "Salem's Lot", and others. Reading this will not move you to take on a new philosophy, but you will be transported to a place that is enchanting, whole, and intriguing. This book showed to me that King can be quite a bit broader in his writing than I had previously assumed.
While I enjoyed it, I didn't love it or even like ... I first read the Dark Tower 1, about 12 years ago. While I enjoyed it, I didn't love it or even like it a lot. Since then I've re-read it several times and very much enjoyed it - almost loved it. My lack of loving it is not a reflection of the quality of the book or of King's writing (as he's my favorite author) but the fact that I have favorites (books 2,3, and 5) in this series which were so influential and moved me so much that I can say I loved them. The ambiguity in the ending of Dark Tower 1, I especially liked. I've heard that not many people enjoy this type of ending. Most readers want all loose ends tied up neatly. * SPOILER ALERT * This book ties up one loose end, that is the Gunslinger finally catches up to the Man in Black. However, multiple other loose ends are added very near the ending. I loved this aspect of the story and it's what drove me to read the next book in the series. I initially picked up this book because it appeared to be a Western, and I have a soft spot for this genre. After reading though, I found this book (and series) to be a wonderful mashup of Western, Fantasy, Scifi, and Horror (naturally since it's Stephen King). This blending of genres doesn't sound like it would (or should) work but I found it to be a refreshing and splendid style of storytelling. Above all, this story is a Western and unlike any Western I've ever witnessed. If you enjoy the classic trappings of the Western genre (deserts and gunfights) along with some unexpected elements of magic - then you will thoroughly enjoy this book.
" Brilliant character development In his first chapter of the 'Dark Tower,' Stephen King introduces Roland, The Gunslinger, who begins his search for The Dark Tower in the bleak and barren landscape after the world he once knew has "moved on." Brilliant character development, surreal encounters, frightening and ominous signs of what's to come--the best of Stephen King. You'll want to have the next chapter, 'The Drawing of the Three' ready to dive into because you won't want to waste a minute.
fantastic product quality and excellent book. The book was in excellent condition. I began reading it thinking it was a parallel to the wizard of oz series (which after one book I was unable to find) but I am very happy with it! I was afraid being a Stephen king book that it would be too graphic or scary, but it's perfect! A little dark, but in a beautiful way. I really enjoy it. If you buy it, go ahead and buy the second book at the same time so you don't have to wait.
Starting an Incredible Epic. All I can say is wow. If you start this book, you will be drawn to the next. Then the next, and so on and so forth. I have just finished the Dark Tower series; if you start this and finish it you will not regret it in any form. While I found the series as a whole incredible and simply amazing, one of the installments (albeit necessary) drug on a bit to much. I hope if you like this book you find the will to read through to the dark tower. It is a modern day epic, and in my opinion, only the lord of the rings and few other sagas can stand with this. Roland Deschain will become you, the tower will draw you as close as it does Roland. Do not believe me? I dare you to read then!
A fantastic read I read this book because it was a friends favorite book and the colorful character of the gunslinger was a poetic metaphor for him. I never understood things he did but I can see this character was almost a mirror image of him. The book was amazing read and I was on edge the whole time following the gunslinger. Will read this one twice. ☺️
Great Journey with the King, Steven King. From the first line when "The Man" is in the desert following Merlin, this 7 series of books was a great read and a wonderful adventure until the last when King really blew me away, closing the story with the opening line of this book. You'll have to read it for your self if you want to know the line. Surreal to say the least, and not a horror story which most people equate King with. There is no better spinner of tales than Steven King the master, and I hope he comes up with another like this before the next 20 or so years it took to finish this one.
a good start If you read Stephen King's introduction he explains that this is one of the first books he ever wrote and he notes that the language is dense and hard to read. I agree. But he really lays a foundation here for an unlimited universe of novels. I look forward to reading the other Dark Tower stories.
First Stephen King book and it was a surprise I picked up this book because I saw the news of its filming and figured I get a taste of it before the movie release. I had no idea of Stephen's writing, but man it took me some time to learn some of the language. Overall, I enjoyed this book and planning to read the rest of the series.
fantastic A wonderful blend of science fiction, post apocalypse with a strong dash of the supernatural, wrapped up in a western package. It's easy to see the influence that this work has had on so much that has come after it. Although confusing at times, I very much enjoyed the story and the characters. Looking forward to the next installment of the series.
Roland ROCKS! The Gunslinger begins the tale of Roland Deschain, of the House Of Eld, on a Knight's Quest to save the Dark Tower. Along the way, he finds, loses, finds again an amazing company of friends/family that makes this the second best effort of Sai King!
Dark Tower, Book 1. Read. First book of the Dark Tower series. So of course you're going to read it. And if you read it, you'll read the next one. And the next, and so on. So what do you want to know? Is this book good? Yes. Good enough to hook someone (namely me) into the entire series. Is this the best book of the series? No. Neither is it REALLY the beginning. Not really. So read it. It's a short read. If you like fantasy, I can almost guarantee you'll like it. But, a word to the wise.. King is, at times, extremely... raw. Yes, that's the word. He's raw. He writes about everything... Death, blood, suffering, sex, (not in this book) incest.. So, if you are brave and adventurous enough, take a step into Mid-World with Roland and start your journey to the Dark Tower.
Not for me This book is obviously well written, but I could not get into it. It did not create a interesting world for me like Tolkien does. Other reviews had prepared me for the slow pace of this first book and I did finish it, but in the end the gunslinger was not a character I found endearing like Frodo or magical like Gandalf. It is quite possible that I am getting too old for fantasy, who knows. I did buy book 2 of the series but put it aside after 20 pages. Not for me.
This is the book that made me a reader for life My dad brought me to the book store when I was 13 years old. I, with great luck, picked this book out. It made me into a reader for life. The world sucked me in. The vague, but intriguing story held me from cover to cover. So if you're young, or you want an open ended adventure to suck you in for many thousands of pages (meaning this and the rest of the series) then dive in and read these books. They are something to behold, and they just may make you enjoy the art of writing all that much more.
The BEST of King I continue to reread the dark tower because it opens a part of my imagination that longs for the battle of good versus evil. The dark tower affirms that their is Sacrifice on the course of life that sometimes is sweet an yet other times is a bittersweet nectar that leaves a taste in your mouth that doesn't ever seem to go away.....
The Start of a Long Journey I read this book in my twenties, I think. I've read it again, now, in my mid fifties. MIT was unusual and confusing then, and it still is now. Not a bad thing, but I must suspend all expectation while reading this series. An unusual experience for me. I called this book surrealist prose years ago, and I still find this to be true now. However, this book thrilled me with Stephen Kings joyous use of language and his desire to explain certain abstract experiences of being human that blow me away. The guy is a genius and his writings monumental as the dark tower itself. Getting a glimpse into Kings mind is a journey requiring some courage but worth the risk. This first book of a series spanning over two decades is as good as anything he's ever written but more different than anything he's done before or since...see? My writing is cryptic and disjointed - lacking linear description useful to anyone bothered to read this review....DONT BOTHER READING MY DRIVEL!!!!! READ THE BOOK, YOULL LOVE IT!! Four stars only because I'm too dim to get all the subtleties!
Great book but not the best in the series. In The Gunslinger (originally published in 1982), King introduces his most enigmatic hero, Roland Deschain of Gilead, the Last Gunslinger. He is a haunting, solitary figure at first, on a mysterious quest through a desolate world that eerily mirrors our own. Pursuing the man in black, an evil being who can bring the dead back to life, Roland is a good man who seems to leave nothing but death in his wake. So along with the BookLikes crew (as I now refer to them) I have started a re-read of The Dark Tower series from Mr King with the first volume – The Gunslinger. We’ll get the bad out of the way first – this is not my favourite of the novels in this series. In fact I will be honest and say the first time I read it I ALMOST did not continue, despite my absolute regard and love for the writing of Stephen King…I thought that perhaps his epic fantasy would not be for me. I was utterly wrong of course, so very wrong and I now stand here corrected. The second reading of this gave me much more – possibly because I know what is coming, I absolutely think this is a must read – however I would still tell anyone coming at this for the first time, this was written when the author was young and whilst it has been updated and expanded, it remains in this readers opinion the weakest of the Dark Tower Series. That is not to say that it is bad, it is in fact extremely good. Still, you may be tempted, like me, to abandon the rest – don’t do it. Keep going. If only because you will then one day experience the sheer brilliance of Wizard and Glass. In this volume we meet Roland as he crosses the desert in pursuit of the man in black – as we follow him on his journey we get hints of his past and possibly his future – and soon his quest for The Dark Tower will truly begin. As usual its Mr King’s imagery that will get you – every single time. The bleak landscapes, the terrifying encounters and as always a strong and beating heart at the centre of the tale, this sets the scene for a truly magnificent quest that will take over your life until you are done. All in all a decent read, see the caveats above and dive in. Ultimately this is a journey worth taking. Happy Reading Folks! **Copy from owned Stephen King Collection***
I R confused This is the first book I've read that was written by Stephen King. It definitely wasn't what I was expecting. He is a terrific writer! I rarely found myself trying to speed up my pace to get through sections, which I do quite a bit in books when I get bored. He kept me entertained almost the entire time. The crazy thing about it, is that I have almost no clue what is going on after finishing book 1 of "The Dark Tower" series. I'm pleasantly surprised that I am as eager to keep reading the series that I know nothing about as I am. Some part of me feels like I should be mad about being kept in the dark and being confused. WTF King, wtf? Well played sir, Let see what happens next..
Just blew my mind. I'm all in. The gunslinger is in me. This was a quick read and I can't wait to start the next. This is not at all what I expected which makes it ten times more satisfying. If you like to question the universe and all of its wonder and like cowboys of the Jose Wales elk than you've come to the right place.
An enigmatic introduction to Roland's world. Maybe start with the 2nd book? Stephen King, ever the fossil hunter of stories, didn't know much about this Roland Deschain character or the quest he was on when he wrote what would become the series' most famous line, “The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.” As the reader, we get to explore this strange, eerily familiar dystopia much in the same way King discovered it. The downside is that Mid-World, the world the Constant Reader has come to know and love throughout the series, isn't as well defined in this first volume. And I agree with those who say that the quest for the Dark Tower doesn't find its voice until the next book, The Drawing of the Three. Even though there's much to appreciate here—the writing, the illusive Man in Black, the ghostly haunt of Roland's childhood—the story can't help but feel cold and distant. In a sense, the Gunslinger is like the deviant cousin of the Dark Tower family, one who is easily misunderstood and often shunned. More than once I've recommended that new readers to the series start with book 2. To King's credit and for the betterment of the story, he revised The Gunslinger back in the early 2000's with the intent of bringing it closer in tone to the later novels. This revision grounds the narration in the familiar Mid-World jargon and is now the version I prefer.
A different view I am continually amazed every time I read another book by Stephen King! The diversity of his writing that takes place at different times during his life, and the beginning of this series reflects it. I can hardly wait to see how this series progresses with different ideas and ideologies.
Enchanting book and the first door into an incredible series Cannot recommend this novel highly enough. It is a wonderful and quick read that sends you down the path of this series with eagerness and awe. Highly recommended for Sci-Fi, action/adventure, and mystery fans.
A misleading start This book is really not meant to stand alone. If you read just this book, you will probably not like it very much. It's rather slow moving and has a very unsatisfying conclusion. However, pair it with the second book in the series and you will probably think that Stephen King is a genius. So I give it 5 stars, not because it earns them by itself, but because the overall series is worth 5 stars and this is but a part of it (though for what it's worth, the rest of the books are easily 5 stars on their own). So if you pick this up, be sure to plan on reading the second as well. If you don't enjoy that one, then the series isn't for you and you can stop.
A great read in a new direction. This is not your every day Stephen King book. A macabre western-ish dimensional tale of honor, revenge, wizardry, and advanced technology all at the head of a pin. I read this in the 90's and was hooked then, I just had to add this to my electronic library as a must have. Book 1 of 8, well 7 plus the newest a prequel "Little Sisters of Eluria". Enjoy the crazy train, I did!
Love My mind has always found the writings of Stephen King to be prodigious (and I know that I'm pretty far behind having just finished the first in this series) but this work has greatly exceeded my expectations of a truly talented man. Mr. King, I thank you.
So begins a refreshingly strange series...and thank God Those who have yet to read this series can consider themselves lucky not to have to wait years for the next book to come out. It's been nearly 30 years in the making, but it's been worth the wait. The Dark Tower series is refreshingly weird, with a great blend of fantasy and suspense. It's page-turning and one you'll want to re-read over and over. If you like fantasy, don't think about it, pick it up. This story's extremely unique and captivating.
Unique, surreal, and weird Disclaimer: My review may spoil the "plot" for some readers. The Gunslinger is definitely not my favorite Stephen King novel for a number of reasons. First, entering the world of this novel is notably difficult because a lot of events have already happened prior to chapter 1, so King has to tell a lot of the story in flashbacks. Even after he fills in some of the gaps, readers are left wondering why Roland must catch the Man in Black in the first place, a question that I don't feel is ever answered effectively. Second, it's not REALLY a novel; it is a collection of stories involving the same antihero. At times, Roland's journey seems pointless, making his betrayals of Alice and Jack feel cruel and unnecessary. Third, when Roland finally catches up with The Man in Black after a bizarre and seemingly pointless encounter with the Slow Mutants, he is given no real information, just a Tarot card reading with a deck composed of made-up cards. If King had used conventional and recogonizable cards, we might have been able to pick up on some deep archetypal message, but by including nonsensical cards such as The Sailor, The Prisoner, and The Lady of the Shadows, King undercuts any universal archetypal powers he might have invoked. By that point, though, I could have cared less. However, if you are looking far bizarre imagery in a dream-like narrative set in a illogical hybrid universe that seems to blend medieval Arthurian elements with spaghetti westerns, the Lord of the Rings, and Biblical allusions, then you will probably love The Gunslinger. It is way too surreal for my tastes, though.
Depressing without being interesting For me it incited no interest at all in reading the rest of the series. I loved "11-22-63" and have liked a few other Stephen King novels. The gunslinger may have survived the endless journey across the desert, but my interest didn't.
Great Book for Non-Stephen King Fans Most writers would be blessed to have one masterpiece in their careers - Stephen King has two: The Stand and The Dark Tower series. Rereading TDT (for the third time!!) was like coming home to good friends. King created characters so rich and adventures so vivid that you simply can't let go after the series ends. I've found that people who normally don't like King LOVE this series. I think it's a joy ride, full of highs and lows, joy and sadness, fun and suspense...and characters you really care about. (If you like books on tape, Audible does a superb job with the audio version -- great for commuters!)
A post-apocalyptic adventure with dashes of sci-fi and fantasy. ... A post-apocalyptic adventure with dashes of sci-fi and fantasy. "The Gunslinger" follows the title character as he hunts the mysterious "Man in Black" through a post-apocalyptic wasteland. King's novel leaves you with many questions, leaving you anxious to delve further into the series.
Stephen King's writings have always piqued my interest, but ... Stephen King's writings have always piqued my interest, but this book is a whole other beast. Set in a timeless desert with the mysterious Roland as the protagonist, I could not bring myself to put this book down. Before you know it, you're three chapters past the last place you bookmarked and it's 2:00am. Definitely a must read.
Beginning of an excellent series Having heard great reviews about this series, I decided to pick up the Gunslinger and really enjoyed it. It is a pretty short book, but I found that the world created by King was extremely rich and it really drew me in... I was especially interested in learning about the motivation behind Roland's relentless pursuit of the mysterious Man in Black. Again, this was a great book and the beginning of an enjoyable series!
captivating, if only because you want to know more. It sets the stage of a fantastical journey, only deepening one's appetite to know more about Roland, his "unique" mind, his quest and the way of the gunslinger. As it is said in the book, with more knowledge, more mystery is formed...well this book definitely does that. Lastly, the ending soliloquy of the matter and time and size is one of the most memorable excerpts I have ever read. Can't wait to read the next one.
Wow! I didn't really know what to expect. It was difficult to follow at first and difficult to put down later. I am really impressed and intrigued by the mention of size and infiniteness as it relates to spirituality.
Not compelling on its own I'm a huge fan of "The Stand" and have heard raving reviews of this series. This first novel in the series was very disappointing. The biggest issue I have is the fact that Roland's past isn't kept a mystery for very long and what is revealed is done in an uninteresting way. Things do improve in the latter third of the novel, but I really think there just isn't enough strong material to create an entire novel from. I won't be quitting on the series yet though. I have to believe people are rating this higher because of their love of the overall series.
Stephen King is Awesome. I read his books in college when I had free time and just discovered him again. I can't believe he wrote this first book at the age of 19. I am now reading the rest of the series and they are just great reads. Lost interest in Dean Koontz. He was just getting too preachy,paranoid and catholic for me.
The one that strated it all... He wrote this book in 1970(published in 1982) and it started the series that holds his whole literary universe together. A little tough to read especially if you have been introduced to King through his newer works, it is still by far one of his best. Once you read this book you will be compelled to get into the series. I highly reccomend the book and the series. But you don't have to take my word for it.
Roland These books are really interesting because the created cultures in them are fascinating, but the writing really tends to drag quite a bit. Sometimes to the point of it being hard to get through them. That being said the world is really really interesting so that keeps me going.
Tough to get through, but well worth it in the end The Gunslinger, the first book in Stephen King's epic Dark Tower series, is a somewhat slow, vague, drawn-out story about an old-west style Gunslinger traveling across barren wastelands. This book sets the scene for the seven-book series which follows. Books that prove to be an extraordinary epic. Get through this book and move onto the second of the series, they get much better from then on.
Even better the second time through The first time I read through the Dark Tower series they passed in a blur. While I can certainly name major characters and their actions, I really didn't remember the finer details that make the series something special. As I reread the series, I am noticing the nuance that will keep me reading and searching for a larger meaning.
Very good read Overall, I felt that the gunslinger by Stephen King was a very good novel. The mysterious tone of the novel and the mysterious characterization of the novel had me very intrigued and made this book hard to put down. In the first sentence of the book, “the man in black” is revealed as the antagonist in the book. Throughout the book, there are many examples that exemplify his hatred for this man, however the reader never figured out why the gunslinger is chasing this man, but there are some hints in the book. (Perhaps the answer will be revealed in another book in the series). At times, such as the events that took place at Tull, the gunslinger can be characterized as somewhat ruthless, especially when he ended his relationship with Allie. However, the book is centered around his chase for this man. In addition, the gunslinger develops a relationship with a boy named Jake. The gunslinger becomes a character that is more compassionate and caring. As this relationship develops, the more the reader cares about both characters, which adds more intrigue to the story as the reader wants to know what will happen to them. In addition to learning about the gunslinger, he tells stories of his past such as how he became the gunslinger and stories about his childhood growing up. This insight will answer many of the questions that you may ask yourself and once again, increases your feelings for the gunslinger. As for negatives, at times I did find the plot to be confusing as I had many questions to why things were happening. For example, I questioned why Jake is there as he is from a city that the gunslinger can hardly believe to be true. In addition, I did not love the ending. I do not want to reveal the ending, but the ending did not answer much and the gunslinger made a large sacrifice that I did not necessarily agree with. However, I did not yet read the second book, so maybe stephen King had a reason for the decisions he made. Overall, I felt that the book was very good and kept me interested throughout. I do not feel like this is Stephen King’s best writing, however his use of a mysterious tone had a very powerful and positive impact made the book very intriguing. I would recommend the book for anyone in high school and older who likes fantasy and I will definitely read the second book of the series. I read the unrevised version, but I would assume that the revised version would only be better.
A Strong Hero I've been a Stephen King fan all my life, and The Gunslinger was no dissapointment. The main character was very strong and memorable, and I'm looking forward reading the rest of the series. He reminded me a lot of the main character in the scifi novel, Twilight, by N. Stember, a character also thrust into a time and place out of the ordinary. I wholeheartedly recommend The Gunslinger.
The Whole Dark Tower Series This review is for the whole Dark Tower Series. Not just book 1. It's a true Magnum Opus by a master storyteller. Not many authors can drive you through a series this size and make you wish for more. It's a wild ride and a whole lot of fun. I would call it adventure fiction rather than horror, which is my true favorite genre, even if it's not treated as such by most marketers.
I rated this book 5 stars, however readers must ... I rated this book 5 stars, however readers must keep in mind that this book lays the foundation for a series of books. Stephen King accomplishes that with an expertise that rivals Robert Heinlein's future history stories.
Amazing This is my second reading of volume one of The Dark Tower. So many years have passed since I read it, that now I MUST read the following volumes again. I foresee many sleepless nights ahead of me, since I remember not being able to put the books down until completely overcome by exhaustion. King's life-long love affair with this story is remarkable. I can remember many times and many doubts about the release of the next volume, but never about the end of the story. This story will not truly end until long after King's end and the final review of all of his unfinished work and any notes that he leaves. I will not comment on my likes or dislikes of this volume. I wouldn't want to give away any of the story. It's a MUST READ!!! For those who haven't read it, prepare yourself by getting access to all volumes BEFORE you begin. You won't want any lag time between putting one down and picking up the next, even if it is in the middle of the night. For those who have read it, prepare yourself in the same manner. From one gentle reader to the next: ENJOY!!!
Good Verses Evil within the Grey Area.. Thought Provoking At first I didn't think I would enjoy this series but the more I continued to read the more it pulled me in and made me connect with the characters..especially Roland. The more read I can't put them down nor wait to see how all of the characters interact and become important to each other.
Fascinating Series, The beginning of a Grand Epic Fascinating introduction book to Steven Kings huge universe filled with quality, complex characters. This is a world that you will have many questions about and at times few answers. A world as mysterious as it is oddly similar to our own. Get to know The Gunslinger and his quest for The Dark Tower, it'll change the way you think about some things.
The beginning of my second trip to the Tower Second Reading was as great as the first... Perhaps better. Epic King! Because this is the first in a mighty series (some better, some not as good) I would not recommend this as a first read for King. For those that like the challenge, the series is rewarding.
A Masterpiece of literature I can't find anything wrong to say about this book. The foreward by SK, as well as the illustrations simply add to it's overall value. This writing, done by King in 1970, is genuine and enthralling. There is a timeless appeal to a story like this, and King is able to slowly build worlds both seen and unseen, while adding rich and believable characters that stay with the reader. An Imaginative landscape that has no boundaries, The Gunslinger is a classic that has stood the test of time. Whether you are new to King's work or have read many of his novels, this is a great place to start. I look forward to the next novel in the series. DW
Will Get You Hooked In the Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger we meet Roland of Gilead and follow him on his journey to find the object of his obsession, the Dark Tower and later in the series to finally confront the Crimson King. Once you start this book you won't want to put it down! I have read all the DT books that are out right now and believe me, once you get started you will be hooked.
Thrilled to read the revised version, excited to begin the journey again! I read the first 2 in this series more than 25 years ago, when I was still in my early teens. I fell in love with the story, and at the time only the first 2 books had been published. I waited impatiently until the third was published, and then bemoaned the time until the fourth. Years passed, I aged and my reading tastes shifted. I never returned to the series until a flu this season laid me low for several days. Bored with Netflix, and my 800 square foot apartment, I stumbled upon the revised version. Hallelujah! I recall the sense of getting drawn into the nether world of King's creation and can't wait to find out what else happens!!! Bravo!
The Gunslinger. How much do I love this series? Well, this marks my 21st reading of this series. Unlike some, I enjoyed the heck out of the first book, and all the books following. In this book we find out to what extremes Roland will go to in order to get to the Tower. It's only gets better from here folks! The Dark Tower as a whole is my favorite book of all time. For me, nothing ever come close to the storytelling, and the characters in this book. They've become my best, most loved characters ever. There's not a day that goes by that I don't wonder where Roland is, and what new friends he's made along the way. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a quest, great storytelling and characters so real that you feel you know them.
The mysterious beginning A wonderful and now rather lengthy tale, the Dark Tower series is Stephen King's greatest achievement. With the final two installments due out this year, I highly recommend you begin this engaging tale. It is complex, and begins rather mysteriously with little to no explanation for the current events, it is still well worth reading. HIGHLY recommended.
Slow at First This is an amazing book. It is very slow well over half but put the effort in and you will be amazed. And this book opens up a giant world as you read the series. Wild west meets Tolkien with some Sci Fi mixed in.
Very intriguing I decided to finally delve into this epic a few weeks ago. While the story told wasn't the best I've ever read, this book sets up for a marvelous tale. I'm very interested to continue reading the series! Recommend giving it a shot if you plan on reading on.
A slow start Book 1 in Stephen King's 7-part epic, The Dark Tower series gets off to a slow start with poor pacing and muddy storytelling in setting up his mammoth (from what I hear) storyline. The series does get better and becomes more interesting from book 2 and on from what I've been told so I'll give the next book a try to see what all the hoopla is about.
A little boring, but necessary I'm about halfway through the Dark Tower series after trying years ago and never getting into this book. The Gunslinger is a little boring, but is necessary to understanding the other books in the series. The rest of the series is worth it, so keep going and finish this one, even if it is weaker than the others.
slow and difficult I have read every Stephen King book but 3 and those are next. This is one of the worst. It took me a year to plod through this short book. That being said, by the time I finished I could not wait to pick up the next one in the series. I think of it this way, it was like the first chapter in a book of normal length. I'm about to start the last book in this series and just can't wait. To everyone out there who may have just read the first and gave up, DON'T. Keep reading.
Good begining, Good ending, Sleepy middle I first read this book in 1999, before I really did much writing of my own. I loved King at the time, but didn't find this one good enough to hook me into the series. As I wrote more and people found out my genres, more and more people said, "You got to read this series." So, I picked it up again a couple of months ago. I was sucked in by the main character's visit to the town, which was early on in the book. Then I grew quite bored and found myself going off in my head as I moved through the pages. It wasn't until the very end that it became interesting again. So I've started book two and am over half way through. So far, it seems much better. But we'll get back to that later.
okay in an averagely decent sort of way.... Synopsis/blurb..... In this first novel in his epic fantasy masterpiece, Stephen King introduces readers to one of his most enigmatic heroes, Roland of Gilead, the Last Gunslinger. He is a haunting figure, a loner, on a spellbinding journey into good and evil, in a desolate world which frighteningly echoes our own. In his first step towards the powerful and mysterious Dark Tower, Roland encounters an alluring woman named Alice, begins a friendship with Jake, a kid from New York, and faces an agonising choice between damnation and salvation as he pursues the Man in Black. Both grippingly realistic and eerily dreamlike, THE GUNSLINGER leaves readers eagerly awaiting the next chapter. And the Tower is closer... Well, I'm tracking my 18 year old son's reads as well as my wife's and this was one of the books he devoured recently. I have read the original probably 30-odd years ago when Mr King was top of the tree as far as my teenage self was concerned. Picking up the new and improved version, as apparently King updated it in the intervening period, wasn't a particularly pleasurable trip down memory lane, one filled with nostalgia and a yearning to instantly re-read about possessed cars, rabid dogs or scary clowns appearing out of road-side drains. I enjoyed the tale, as far as it went. Book 1 of 7, isn't going to finish with a neat resolution or conclusion. I was re-introduced to Roland the Gunslinger and found out about his apprenticeship and passage into manhood. We joined with him in his pursuit of the elusive man in black (not Johnny Cash, apparently) and along the way we killed a few people, ok a lot of people. This particular part of the journey or quest ends at the sea, with a link in to the second book in this 7 or 8 books series. King who could probably write his shopping list and have a host of people queuing up to buy and read it, is very skilled at crafting a story and making you want to turn the page to read more about a character that you are growing to care about......usually. I haven't yet reached that stage with Roland and I'm not having sleepless nights, anxious to read the next thrilling instalment. My son has a couple more of the books in the series, if he opens one up sometime soon I'll get to this after him no doubt. I reckon I may have read the second book in my earlier life as a slimmer, leaner, fitter, brown-haired, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed young man anyway. He has commented that the next couple are somewhat longer in length than this volume. King has a tendency to use 50 words on occasions where 1 or 2 would do, so I `m not pushing him to crack the spine just yet. FYI - I have just checked paperback length on volumes 2 to 7 plus the last published book, which sits between books 4 and 5. They are as follows; 406, 624, 896, 816, 480, 736 and a rather paltry 384 pages long. Overall, 3 stars from 5. I borrowed this one from my son, and I'm unsure where he picked it up from.
Great Sci-fi/fantasy without the neo-slang I have been meaning to read this series for years. King's writing style is intelligent and conversational. The story is Sci-fi without a cumbersome amount of futuristic slang that caused me to stop reading Necromancer. When I finished The Gunslinger, I immediately downloaded book two because I couldn't put it down.
Horror Novel Reviews: Honesty in the Terror I first read The Gunslinger: Dark Tower I (aka The Gunslinger) when it was first published back during the early eighties by Donald E. Grant, Publisher. This was done in the Limited, Signed edition format with a few thousand copies being printed as a trade hardcover for the die-hard Stephen King fans. I was certainly considered myself to be a die-hard fan at the time, trying to get everything I could of King's published novels and short stories. I ended up purchasing a trade hardcover of The Gunslinger to read and a Limited, Signed edition to wrap up and to keep safely tucked away. I wish I still had both of them. Stephen King first wrote The Gunslinger while still in college and then saw it eventually serialized in The Magazine for Fantasy and Science Fiction in the late seventies. The reason SK allowed Donald Grant to tackle the story and not a major publisher is that he didn't think the storyline or writing was designed for a large audience, but rather for a small group of his loyal fans. Of course, as time went by, word of mouth began to spread and more and more readers wanted a copy of The Gunslinger. Too, SK decided to follow the first book with a sequel, though The Gunslinger was originally written as a stand-alone novel. What actually followed were six more books and a seventh one that came out in April of 2012. Though the first four novels were written with long periods of time in between each publication, the last three books were written rather quickly. Also, Viking decided to republish the first four novels in hardcover with exceptionally drawn dust jackets and interior artwork by the great Michael Whelan, as well as artwork by other artists. A Trade Paperback followed afterwards. Because so much time had passed between the writing of The Gunslinger and the entire series, SK made the decision to go back and revise and expand the first book. This was probably a rather challenging project for him because he wanted retain the original voice of the young writer of the novel, while at the same time smoothing out the sentence structure, expanding on the background of the characters, and connecting the first book to the other ones in the series. With the seventh Dark Tower novel coming out in mid-2012 and Ron Howard signing on to turn the epic into at least three films and a unique television series (that idea hasn't been completely dropped by either Howard or the studios), I felt it was time to read the entire series, starting with the new, expanded first book. I have to be one of the few "Constant Readers" who hasn't read the entire collection. I read the first two in the series and then stopped with Wastelands. I remember writing a review of The Gunslinger for the Fantasy Mongers newsletter after the book first came out, raving about what King had been able to do in this parallel universe and with a character that was similar to the one played by Clint Eastwood in the "Man With No Name" movies. As to what the book was actually about, damn if I could remember. I'm old and my memory is fine on the best of days and not worth much on others. Anyway, I purchased the first four Viking hardcovers and the last three in the series under the Donald E. Grant publication logo. Then, they sat on my bookshelf while I debated when to start reading them. I mean some of these Dark Tower novels are five and six hundred pages long. This was going to be a major project. Finally, I started The Gunslinger, reading it as a much older individual than I had been in the early eighties. Just to get this out of the way, if someone were to ask me for a Stephen King novel recommendation, it wouldn't be The Gunslinger. I would tell them to try out The Shining or The Stand or maybe Bag of Bones or 11/22/63. I can't speak for the rest of the books in the series, but I don't think the majority of readers out there would enjoy The Gunslinger as much as his die-hard fans tend to do. That said, I did like the book and it still amazes me that a twenty-two-year-old originally wrote it forty years ago. The Gunslinger: The Dark Tower deals with the Gunslinger's (aka Roland Deschain of Gilead) quest to find the Dark Tower and his pursuit of the Man in Black, who appears to be an evil magician of some sort. We don't really know how long the Gunslinger has been after him, but I'm guessing years and that revenge is a large part of his motivation, though at the end it turns out to be more about knowledge and future events. As the book opens up, the Gunslinger is weeks, or maybe just days, behind the Man in Black. He is crossing the West and quickly approaching the opened desert that breeds little in the way of life. When the Gunslinger enters the town of Tull, he quickly discovers the Man in Black has already been through the tiny community and has left a few surprises. Needless to say, the Gunslinger barely makes it out of town alive as the residents rise up against him. Continuing on with his journey, the Gunslinger soon approaches a Way Station at the point where the harsh, looming desert is about to begin. There's a young boy named Jake at the station, and it appears the Man in Black snatched him from our own world and then dropped him off in the middle of nowhere just to slow the Gunslinger down. Whatever else the Gunslinger might be, there is a sense of compassion in him that refuses to leave Jake alone at the station. This compassion, however, falters at the end. Anyway, he chooses to take the boy with him on his quest, not knowing what will soon be in store for them. The trek through the desert takes weeks and soon leads to mountains and underground caverns that work their way through the granite and travel in the same direction as an underground river. Railway tracks and a handcar are soon discovered by the Gunslinger and Jake. This leads to a hellish journey through the blackness from one side of the mountain to the other. During this stretch of time, the Gunslinger begins to tell Jake a little about his past (things he's never told another being) and how he became a gunslinger. Also in the blackness of the underground caverns, the two journeymen will have to deal with the slow mutants (think of the mutants from The Time Machine). The mutants glow with green phosphorus and are hungry for some juicy flesh. The ending through the mountains is certainly a shocker. The final chapter deals with the confrontation between the Gunslinger and the Man in Black with long discussions about the history of the magician and why man's finite mind is unable to grasp the mysteries of the Universe. I think it was this last chapter that was expanded the most with many thought-provoking ideas concerning our place in the scheme of things and how little we truly know of our universe. Everything is eventually set up for the future volumes in the Dark Tower series, especially the second book, The Drawing of the Three. In the reading of this novel, I could easily see the shaping of a young, beginning writer into someone who would one day become a household name. I could see where Stephen King was going with the book, even if he couldn't when he first wrote it. I think in many ways King had no choice but to continue the series. He had given his readers a glimpse into another world and now had to fulfill the rest of the bargain he unconsciously made with his readers. If I have one question about the Gunslinger and the first book it's where in the hell does the man get his bullets from? You can only carrying so much ammunition on the holster belts, and I believe he went through most of those rounds trying to get out of Tull alive. Though there are a few other books I now want to read, I feel a strong tugging at my sleeve to jump right into The Drawing of the Three to see what happens next. That, however, will have to wait a while, but it's something to look forward to in the months ahead. Written by Wayne C. Rogers from Horror Novel Reviews. Horror Novel Reviews does not receive payment for reviews. All books are promotional copies.
The good, the bad, and the lonely... The Dark Tower series is one of the best things I've ever read. "The Gunslinger" is the first part and a little slower than the rest (also much shorter), but remember that it's just the beginning. Each step in the series is better than the last. Read "The Gunslinger" today and begin your journey to the Tower.
The Start of Something Great! I read this book a long time ago and I felt it seemed as though it was part of something greater. That something greater is Kings masterpiece series. I thought this book started off a little slow. If you are attempting to read this series, I strongly recommend it. The series was written in span of decades. In a way you can see the way King has grown with this series. If you are able to get through the first part of the book you are on to something special. The "Drawing of the Three" was by far my favorite of the series. Get ready for the adventure of a lifetime!
Not completely sold This book was a bit difficult to follow. There was a build uP to a really good storyline. I'm curious to see what's are the Tower. I Believe the next book in the series will be much better. At least i'm hoping it will be!
the edit Just read the King edited version. Nice, but I think I prefer the original that was recto need to fit with the later books and ideas in the story. It's not massive but the new bits, I think are noticeable. Still a great work and enjoyable.
Starts hard, won't say how the series finishes. I absolutely love this series, second time reading it. I won't say the end, but Stephen King outdid himself. This first book is somewhat hard to read and can draw along, but the following 6 (7 if you want to get technical with his latest addition) are gratifying. This is by far one of the best series I've ever read. And if you are able to conquer the novels, you will be rewarded. Enjoy this world Mr. King created, for it is grand indeed.
The Promise of Greater Things to Come One of the world’s greatest novelists brings, arguably, his magnum opus series The Dark Tower to life with the first of the series, The Gunslinger. The Gunslinger is one of King’s most imagined and thought out novels. There is no formula, little comparison with the other novels he has written, save for the feeling of uncertainty and fear that were reminiscent of The Stand. And there is the obvious link between Randall Flagg and Walter O’Dim. The story was slow to start and unlike many of King’s other books, readers have to work with the text, pay attention to not only the words on the page but build this world within your mind. There is a need for engagement with the audience that if it is not met, the story can be lost. Roland Deschain, the titular Gunslinger, is reminiscent of Clint Eastwood’s High Plains Drifter. He traverses a wasteland of uncanny, death and destruction in chase of the Man in Black. On the way he is distracted by mad preachers, demons and of all things, a human boy. The imagery within each of the sections of the first book is high fantasy and there are moments of the sublime that will make up for any moment of slowness. By the time we reach the final section and Roland catches up with the Man in Black, the narrative ascends to a whole new level. It is a pay off worth the slow start. And as the shortest section of the book (unfortunately), it leaves such promise for the sequel that you will want to continue on Roland’s journey.
Awesome Book! Looking forward to reading the rest! It's a fantastic book worth checking out if you're looking for something a little different. Roland is a pretty cool character and the writing is very intelligent and well-written. Plus there's a movie being made that might come out next year.
Take the journey! I loved this book, I have talked to quite a lot of people who didn't read far enough into this book to understand what the author was getting to. If you are reading this please, read it all the way through, if you do you will be hooked on this series as you follow not only Roland, that gunslinger of all times, but the others as they journey between worlds on an adventure of a lifetime or two! For me the thought of parallel world's is so intriguing, as a writer I add a lot of the into my books, but none to compare with the king of the story tellers.
Love this book and the entire series Love this book and the entire series. I first read the Dark Tower Series when they first came out. I couldn't put them down. They dominated my life because they were so engrossing. It is by far my favorite series of books ever. I am reading them again and look forward to the excitement. Good thing I'm getting older and can't remember everything from the first read.
Okay I agree with a lot of the reviewers on here that this book is very dry compared to other books by Stephen King. It was okay and I'm going to read the other Dark Tower books because everybody says their awesome. I really hope they are better than this one.
The best Book 1 is great Book 2 is Interesting Book 3 is interesting Book 4 is completely different, but arguably the best of them all Book 5 was long-winded and anti-climactic Book 6 was forgettable Book 7 has promise, but left me angry with myself that I had bothered to finish reading the series.
How about an actual sample of the book, Amazon? This isn't an actual review of the book. It's a note/forewarning to other potential readers of this book, especially those who prefer to TRY A SAMPLE before buying. I'd LOVE to write a review of this book, but first I'd be interested to know if I even WANT to read the book. **AMAZON:** Your offer to try a sample of this book is, at best, misleading and truthfully...it's an outright lie. The so-called sample is only the option to read the author's intro and note to the reader. As much as I have always enjoyed King's intros (I love the Dear Constant Reader intros) I actually would like to get a sample of the book itself before making the decision to purchase it. Maybe you could fix this, Amazon? I mean really....the author's introduction doesn't give me any feel for the story, or give me a hint of the style or plot. How could I possibly be expected to make the decision to purchase it based on King's explanation of how the story came to be, and his monologue on the edits and revisions that have been made over the years? I'm sure this is an oversight of some kind, but it'd be ever so kind of you to fix it.
Unique Fantasy Literature by the King of Horror The Gunslinger is the first of a truly epic series of fantasy books written by the indomitable Stephen King, master of horror literature. King has produced a series that now spans seven books as well as multiple one shot novels and multiple graphic novels based on the series. It has also produced, over the years, an army of fans and admirers, as well as several platoons of detractors. I, for one, cannot decide to which camp I belong. The Gunslinger, if nothing else, is an incredibly rich book and an incredibly unique book. The world into which we are dumped is one that is immense, dark, and even macabre (which is not surprising given the author's past books). It is a very effective strategy to introduce the reader to Roland abruptly during his quest to track down the Man in Black on his quest to find the Dark Tower. We are given no introduction to Roland's world. We are given no background story to this wan and almost disturbing protagonist. It is a jarring and not unpleasant experience. We are introduced to the mysterious Roland Deschaine through the interesting plot device of his story as told by himself to a stranger along his route to find the Man in Black. King uses the interesting and engaging farmer Brown and his crow Zoltan to coax Roland to tell his story as he sees it. This ploy allows us a glimpse into Roland from his own mind's eye. We see in his story to Brown about his visit to Tull the anguish and torment that Roland feels, as well as his unrelenting iron edge and true mercilessness. King produces such memorable and detestable characters as the weed-eater Nort, brought back to life by the dastardly Man in Black and the grotesque pastor of the town Sylvia. With Alice, the wilting barmaid, we get a very brief glimpse of the soft underbelly of Roland. We get a whiff of a past that promised young love, and young love lost with tragedy. With these characters, and their ultimate fate, we get incredible insight to this dark and lonely character with whom we will eventually become engrossed. The rest of the book deals with Roland's desperate and seemingly doomed trip across the desert to find this apparently evil Man in Black. Along the way, we meet a young boy Jake Chambers who rescues Roland from certain death. We learn that Jake is from another world, which as it turns out is the New York that we cannot help but recognize as our own. This passage is our first clue that the world we are in now is in some way connected to the world we live in. Jake becomes an almost Christ-like character en route to the confrontation with the Man in Black, and Roland begins to feel almost like a father to the boy. As they travel, they grow closer. Also as they travel, Roland realizes that he loves the child, which makes the line "Go then, there are other worlds than these!" one of the most haunting lines King may have ever written. This book produces a very vivid, but very shrouded world. We see a world that is unique and dark, and yet peppered by elements with which we are familiar. The characters are incredibly well written, equal parts detail and equal parts veiled in shadow and mystery. By the end of the book, we are desperate to know more about the Man in Black, Jake Chambers, and of course Roland Deschaine. This world is truly unique in the world of epic fantasy literature (while still choc full of blatant references to Tolkien elements). It is an interesting take on the Hero-on-a-quest style fantasy novel, especially when the protagonist and decidedly lacking in the classic hero characteristics. I do my best in this review to take the book as itself as well as its relation to the series. It can be hard to review a book as a part of a series, because you will invariably take into account the series as a whole when you review the book. As of this writing, I have now read four of the seven main books, and remain on the fence on the series as a whole. The Gunslinger is perhaps the best of the books so far, but it is by no means a stand-alone book. It contains a massive cliffhanger at the end (though decidedly not the biggest cliffhanger of the series as we will see in the next three books at least). There are some first novels that act well as a single book that do not require the completion of the series, but I would not consider this book one of them. For that reason, and for the reason that I'm not entirely sold on the series as a whole, I only gave this book 4 stars. Perhaps that is unfair, but I decided long ago that books in a series should derive rating based on itself and the series. Nevertheless, this book is worth reading by any fan of Stephen King who may be shying away from it because of its fantasy label. It is perhaps one of the most well written books he has written, on par and perhaps surpassing his more famous novels such as The Shining, Cujo, and The Stand. It is also very much worth reading for all fantasy book lovers as well for the dizzyingly unique world and non-traditional characters it produces.
not my cup of tea I need to care about the characters in the books I read, but these characters don't inspire any emotional response. If you like the old depressing Westerns, you may like this book. It was a short book, but took some effort on my part to finish it. I usually consume books, but not this one.
Not one of Steven Kings better works but enjoyable. Not one of Steven Kings better works but enjoyable. Not getting the next Game of Thrones volume any time soon, I was looking for a series to read. This fits the bill as I am a big King fan. I am eagerly awaiting the last and final volume of his Bill Hodges series as well. Too wordy and trying too hard to be mystical. Easy read.
Hoping Next Books are Better I've heard the first is the slowest, so I'm plugging on in the series. As a stand alone, this book was not one of King's best. Too much imagery clouds the actual story, almost to the point where you are re-reading to understand the progress of the story. He addresses his style in this book in the prologue, so I forgive him of this, and I've got my fingers crossed that the series improves.
Arguably the best of the series. Many Dark Tower (and King) fans seem to dislike this first DT story, but I found it to be the best of the five I have read. I stopped reading after Wolves of the Calla, because for me the series lost a little something with each new book. I've read a lot of King's stories, though I'm not a massive fan. Some things in his style tend to annoy me, like the constant references to baseball, or how most characters seem recycled from one story to the next. But Gunslinger, being one of his older stories, was something different. It's also comparatively short, which is good because it means it lacks the padding and plodding of many thicker Stephen King novels. Fans of dystopian fantasy westerns should definitely give it a go, even as a standalone story.
Read the series A good start to another world. The book can often feel confusing but it is worth it. Venture on with Roland with flashbacks and endless apocalyptic references. I found the series interesting and as usual King never fails to develop characters you feel drawn to.
Your first step into a larger world Book One of Stephen King's 'Dark Tower' saga. He draws you in with a protagonist that is both very compelling and deeply flawed. After a breathtaking adventure and a desperate chase Kind leaves the reader with more questions than answers. A quick read at just under 300 pages it is the smallest of the series but that by no means lessens its emotional impact.
Hile Roland! I used to tell myself, you will not read this book. My inner monolouge went something like this: self, if you dare lay a finger on this series, you will become the biggest nerd in the world. Reading fantasy epics now, are we? Ohhhho, what next, Orcs, trolls, Lord of the Rings conventions dressed up as Froddo and the gang? I taunted myself with these ideas, and fled from the Dark Tower as surely as Roland and co. did when confronted with the quest originally. Well, let me tell you, nerd I may be, nerd I have become, or if you like, Nerd I am, I like green eggs and ham...and I like the Dark Tower too, thankee sai. I have to tell you, when I first closed the dusty spine of The Gunslinger, my first thought was meh, it was all right. Not great, but readable, sure. But I'm fed up now, stuffed of the book, maybe ready to close the door on the epic forever. The next day I take myself to cycling class, and while I'm plonked down on the bike, with the cheesy mountains painted on the wall behind me, and sweat flooding into my eyes, I think: The dark tower's closer. I'm getting there...I am...oh God, why didn't I bring water?....Another hill?!! Cycle faster, I've got to get away from that man in black! Lovely, crystal clear moments like this when the book comes back to haunt my daily life make me know without a shadow of a doubt, how good it is. I had Roland on my brain for a few weeks afterwards. Roland, and his silly little quest for the Tower. But was it so silly? And does he ever find the dang thing? Little questions like that would flit into my brain at odd intervals, and I would think about that strange Clint Eastwood-esque fellow, out in the desert all alone, traveling across the sand dunes. Stephen King said Roland wouldn't leave his imagination alone, and he wouldn't depart from mine either. Next thing I know, I'm at the library, checking out the second volume.
Breathtaking and Surreal - Not to be missed! I will start out saying that this is my third time attempting to read the Dark Tower Series. The first time I picked up this slim volume was probably in 10th grade. It was a little over my head at the time but I really enjoyed the way it was written. That first time, I don't think I made it more than 100 pages into The Drawing of the Three and my Dark Tower introduction ended there. The second time was when I was broke and interning in New York City and I needed something to occupy all the time I was forced to spend in the apartment due to lack of funds. I picked this up again and got so much more out of it (this time reading it as a sophomore at Bennington College). This time, I made it all the way through the Waste Lands but never picked up Wizard and Glass. Finally, I made it to the third time which I just finished this week - in less than three days. Something about it this time really enraptured me. I could have finished it in one day but something felt good about slowing down the pace a little bit. In his new introduction, King wrote that the way this book was written felt very different than the rest of the series. This is actually what drew me in the most. I have never been an avid fan of Stephen King. I had read a few books like 'salem's Lot and From a Buick 8 but never really cared for him too much. I don't know what has drawn me in to this series so much but it really is amazing. I love the dark, plodding action that this first volume details. From everything I have read on Stephen King's other works, he is know for being very verbose. Even though this book is comparatively short when looked at versus his catalog of work, there is something to be said about the sparse way he brings us into Roland's world. Any writer can throw a million descriptions out to give the reader an idea of what is going on. What is so interesting is how King works with negative space in this novel. It is almost more about the lack of description rather than what is actually being said. Without a lot to go on, this creates an amazing fantasy world that is bleak, empty and apocalyptic without creating any cliche image of what this would look like. It is left up to the reader in a lot of respects. There is so much to be said about this wonderful book and a lot of it has already been said. All I can say is that the third time really is the charm. I will definitely finish the series this time. The story has drawn me in so much now that I can't imagine NOT finishing it. I have already finished The Drawing of the Three (again in less than three days) and can't wait to start The Waste Lands again. There is a reason why so many people are drawn to this series. What's great is that everyone has their own reason. So go ahead - find your own reasons why you never want to stop reading about Roland's quest for the Tower.
Introduction to the epic (MINOR SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW.) I decided that I needed some good literature to wash the bad taste left by the last series I read out of my pallet, so I recently picked up The Dark Tower series by Stephen King, all seven books. This book, "The Gunslinger" is the introductionary first novel that starts the epic of the Dark Tower. The Gunslinger is set in a world that is part post-apocalypic, part fantasy, and part western. It chronicles the journey of the mysterious gunslinger, Roland of Gilead, as he follows the Man in Black across a desolate wasteland. The best thing about this series is the worldbuilding. I very much liked the way the wasteland was developed and shown, and the touches of culture, and the metaphysical aspects of it. The universe (or multiverse, rather) that the Dark Tower exists in (which in turn connects to the rest of King's stories and universes) isn't seen until the final section, when Roland finally catches up to the Man in Black, though it's definitely worth it to come that far. The Gunslinger is well written, well developed, has some very good dialogue (especially between the Gunslinger and the Man in Black), a nice premise, a high level of originality, and a good story behind it. The book is almost as much about Roland's past as it is about the ongoing journey, and there are quite a few sections devoted to flashbacks and memories along the way. Not to say the book isn't without its flaws, however. If there is anything in the book I honestly didn't like, it was Jake. He was a completely flat character who couldn't have been more boring if he was intentionally written that way, and the only interesting thing about him was the implication that his presence in the Gunslinger's world means. (People from other worlds can enter this one.) Thankfully, he doesn't stay around for long. I can't remember the last time I've been so glad over the removal of a character. I also felt that was sometimes an unnecessary level of enforced mystery and ambiguity. Not mystery the way you see something unexplained and it's left unanswered until later, but the kind where the characters sometimes ignore what a normal person would talk about and avoid discussing what plainly needs discussing for the sake of ambiguity. Again, the story is helped with this problem now that Jake is out of the picture. The Gunslinger is a good first novel in The Dark Tower series and a solid read, though the presence of Jake and a few other problems will require a bit of patience. The second book is where the series really gets off, and is definitely worth getting to.
A great return to King After having completed all of Stephen Kings "horror" books I moved on to other horror authers such as Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon without giving a second thought about reading the Dark tower series as the fact that it was more fantasy than horror did not appeal to me at all. I had bought this book (but none of the others from the series) a couple of years ago but only read abot 20 pages before giving up. Last week, missing Stephen King books but not yet ready to re-read any of them, I picked up this book and thought I'd give it a chance since it was only 238 pages. At first I struggled and wondered if it was going anywhere, but after about sixty pages this book really picks up and I found myself unable to put it down, especially after the introduction of the boy, Jake. (And finding out how Jake got to be in the Gunsligners' world was one of the biggest surprizes i have ever gotten from reading a book - It was fantastic!) There isn't much of a storyline to this book as it was written as sort of a prologue to the Dark Tower series. The storyline is simply that a man know as the Gunslinger (who lives in a similar yet different world to our own) is travelling through the desert in search of someone - or something - he calls The Man In Black. Many other reviewers have said that they found this book dull but went on to really enjoy the rest of the books in the series so if you find this book hard-going please bear with it and try the next book in the series, The Drawing Of The Three, which I am currently reading and is even better than the first. I probably would have given this book five starts but I was so gutted when one of the charactors died (I wont spoil it by saying who) that I had to only give it 4 stars. If, like me, you are a fan of King's horror novels but are not sure about his other work, please give this series a try, you wont regret it!.
THE END-ALL OF FANTASY The First in the Dark Tower series, the Gunslinger Sets the stage for what will continue in the other books. The gunslinger, a cold, adventuring cowboy (the last of his kind), is on an eternal hunt to find the mysterious Dark Tower. To reach this destination, he must question a shadowy immortal of extreme power known only as the man in black. To this end, the gunslinger stops in interesting towns as he treks through a seemingly endless desert, the forest, and the ominous peaks that lead to the other side, where no mortal has set foot. He is completely absorbed by his quest, and has been trained to destroy anything in his way. For example, in Tull, a town in the middle of the desert, he brutally kills the entire town's population when a fanatical Christian convinces the rest of the generally friendly populace that the gunslinger is an agent of Satan. Another example is when he has the choice between taking his only chance to catch the man in black or saving his friend, a young boy from the past; he leaves his friend to fall to his death while the gunslinger catches up with the man in black. The plot is excellent and the ideas are fascinating. The many twists add a sense of uncertainty. The book eventually revolves around the concept of infinity, and the unerstanding of infinity by a finite mind. This concept leads into the Dark Tower, a representation of the entire multiverse in one, down to the smallest of possible dimensions. There are a few discrepancies in this book. One of them has to be the fact that the book rarely stays in chronological order. Suddenly shifting from a barren desert to a gallows in a remote part of the world twenty years in the past. Such shifts are common, but the book is usually not hard to follow. Another is the fact that is takes the reader fully halfway through the book before just to find his name. Even then he is referred to as "the gunslinger." This is an awesome book!!! YOU MUST READ IT IF YOU CONSIDER YOURSELF ANYTHING OF A FANTASY FAN!!!
Not my favorite in the series This is the first book in the Dark Tower series, and my personal least favorite book in the series. I read this when I was in high school, or was that junior high? Either way, I read this book when I was really young. I didn't like the story much then. It seemed like a painstaking process getting through the mundane beginning. Recently, I read the revised version of this book. The Gunslinger is the story of Roland of Gilead. Roland is a gunslinger in a world that is dead (or dying, depending on the reader's point of view). He is chasing the man in black, who Roland believes knows all the secrets of the Dark Tower. He plans on making this ambiguous man tell him what he wants to know about the tower. This story still started off pretty slow for me. I was almost tempted to put it down, but I stuck it out. The action picks up after a few pages though, but it's not consistent. You get a little action, then bits that could bore you to tears, then more action. It's not an awful read by far. This story is essential in introducing you to a desolate world, to Roland, to the man in black, etc. I really love how King can make the despair and desolation of the land so tangible in a reader's mind. I could imagine the land with a vividness. When I first read this, I don't remember feeling as blown away by some of the descriptions as I feel now. I, also, enjoyed how bits and pieces of the hero's life is scattered throughout the book. Though as my friend pointed out the book can be very confusing at parts. Sometimes, King would suddenly shift into a flashback, and at first, you wouldn't even realize it. Then, it could get quite wordy in a couple of places that didn't really need to be. A dictionary is a nice asset to have while reading this book, too. I had no idea what a poultice was until I read this book. Anyhow, I probably won't read this book a third time, but I enjoyed it much more this time. I always thought that King did a good job of mixing different genres (horror, fantasy, western, sci-fi) with this - and the rest of the books in the series. Not a bad revision for a novel that nearly ended up in my grandparents fireplace almost a decade ago.
"There are other worlds than these." Apart from being extremely jealous of Stephen King at the moment, because he has finished writing the Dark Tower series and knows how it ends, I am also deeply impressed at the continued depth and power he has placed in these stories of Roland, the last Gunslinger is a world that has moved on. The first time I read "The Gunslinger" I was in high school, and my young imagination was enticed and utterly enthralled by the world King had begun to build. Now, in this new revised edition of the book, King has done the same thing once again. He has added tantalizing new hints of foreshadowing to the Dark Tower story, and has really brought the first book of the series more in line with the rest of the volumes, sharpening up the language and providing more insights into the world (worlds?) Roland is travelling. In the new edition of "The Gunslinger," there are subtle twists in the story from the first page on. Readers already familiar with the world of the Dark Tower will find plenty of fresh meat to chew on here until the new books in the series are published. I believe that readers who are new to the series will begin with an even stronger sense of immersion into this story, as the expansions of plot King made will serve as a stronger bridge leading into the rest of the story. It is a deceptively simple story: Roland, the last hero of a dead way of life, pursues a mysterious Man in Black across a great desert. Along the way, we learn about some of the hardships he has faced along the way, even as the story continues with new adventures. Through this simple device, King begins the arduous, painstaking work of building the most complex world he has ever developed, and populating it with many interesting characters. Perhaps the most intriguing part of the revised edition is a new mystery which King presents us, in the form of the number 19. The number becomes a minor plot point in this revised edition, with strong hints that it will have significance later in the series. Apart from the mystery of 19, we have new insights into Roland's past, further explanation of who the Man in Black is and why Roland is pursuing him so resolutely, and more hints as to what lies ahead. King's Dark Tower series is a fantasy epic on the same scale as Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings," and it is every bit as compelling. "The Gunslinger," as the Man in Black reminds us in the final chapter of the book, is not really the beginning of the story. It is, rather, the end of the beginning. There is still a great deal of story to be told, but this revised edition of "The Gunslinger" is a stronger, clearer, more powerful way to enter the incredible world King has made for us. Highly recommended, Constant Reader.
The introduction to an epic, and all that entails "The Gunslinger" is the first volume of Stephen King's epic, seven volume, "Dark Tower" saga, and like the first volume in any series of books, serves primarily to set the scene for the later books in the series. As a result, very little happens in this book. We are introduced to our hero, Roland of Gilead, the last gunslinger, who is a cross between Clint Eastwood in "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" and Aragorn from "The Lord of the Rings", and follows him across the desert, over mountains and through an abandoned subway tunnel, in his pursuit of "the man in black"; a pursuit which culminates in the commencement of his journey to the dark tower. However, very little is revealed in this book. By the end of the book, the reader is still not told exactly what the dark tower is and why Roland is traveling there. We have to wait for later volumes for this information. I am generally a fan of Stephen King's writing. I think he is one of the most underrated authors of all time. Nevertheless, the multi-part format of "The Dark Tower" books just doesn't work for me. I have never been a big fan of multi-part novels, since the fact that the story is drawn out of such a large number of pages annoys me and makes me want to stop reading, and "The Gunslinger" is no exception. It is unnecessarily slow moving and could have benefited from a bit of editing. Another down point to this book is that it is essentially comprised of five short stories that are run together to form the narrative, making the storyline episodic and somewhat disjoint. Overall, I didn't hate this book and I think the idea behind this series has enough potential to make me want to read volume 2 sometime in the future, but I suspect that point in time will be the distant future, rather than next week.
Director's Cut I get nervous when things that are important to me get the "Director's Cut" treatment. George Lucas's relentless tinkering with the original Star Wars trilogy, not to mention those awful prequels, have managed to tarnish my love for that saga. I hold Stephen King's Dark Tower series in similar regard, so when I heard he was revising the first book, I was a bit apprehensive. At the same time, I was pretty curious. I'm a complete Tower junkie, so I knew there was no way I was going to be able to resist an updated Gunslinger. The Gunslinger was a tough read for me. I thought the original language was a bit too flowery and I had a hard time sustaining an interest throughout the book. I don't know what made me pick up the second book, Drawing of the Three, but I'm so glad I did. That book hooked me from page 1 and had me totally enthralled until the end. Since then I've been hooked. Apparently King had encountered this situation before. In the introduction to this book he described telling people that if they could get through the Gunslinger, the series got a lot better. So with this revised version, he has taken some steps to fix things. The essential story is unchanged. The characters, events, and timeline are all unchanged. At the same time, it was almost like reading an entirely new tale. The language was more in line with the rest of the saga, which made the book much easier to read, and there were several revisions that cleaned up the continuity and tied it in to later volumes. These revisions were understandable. King didn't have as clear an idea where the story would take him when he originally started the saga, and some of the supporting characters, locations, and events had changed since being mentioned in that first book.. All in all, I think King accomplished his goal. The book is easier to read, makes more sense in context with the rest of the saga, and should be much more accessible to new readers. Some purists may be disappointed. Much of the mystery and promise present in the first version seems missing from the new one, and the original language, while overly poetic, did add a romantic aspect to the book. So I'll hang on to my worn-out paperback of the original, while at the same time enjoying the "Director's Cut". One more thing. Am I alone in wanting to hear the full Jericho Hill story? It sounds like an epic, "blaze of glory" kind of tale.
Epic fantasy, blending horror, the supernatural, and adventure. I have just completed Stephen King's The Dark Tower. This is not a review for THE GUNSLINGER alone. It is for all seven volumes of The Dark Tower series, which should be read as one story. The Dark Tower, SK's magnum opus, is based on two fictional concepts: 1) Robert Browning's long poem "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came" (provided in full in the Appendix of the seventh volume, THE DARK TOWER) and 2) Sergio Leone's series of movies starring Clint Eastwood as a gunslinging drifter. Is The Dark Tower worth reading? If you appreciate epic fantasy, yes. If you can tolerate occasional gaffs in writing style and convention, yes. If you despise horror, the supernatural, adventure, and action, and if you think such literature must be trashy pulp, no. THE GUNSLINGER introduces you to Browning and Leone's dual concept and to Jake. THE DRAWING OF THE THREE sets the mode: that of contemporary fantasy with portals to parallel worlds. And it introduces Roland's partners. THE WASTE LANDS is a good adventure in a parallel world. WIZARD AND GLASS for the most part digresses into Roland's past, but it is a superb story of romantic adventure. WOLVES OF CALLA stops along the way to the Dark Tower as Roland and his partners rescue villagers and display their gunslinging. SONG OF SUSANNAH is a story of unusual pregnancy, blending action and horror in a setting of modern America. THE DARK TOWER brings the long quest to a conclusion, with tragedy but also with ample good cheer. (Do read THE DARK TOWER'S Coda.) Though SK is one of contemporary humanity's more prolific, famous, and wealthy writers, do not confuse ability to sell with ability to write. I quail from the idea of every aspiring author trying to emulate him. For example he has a certain habit with concrete imagery. Stylists encourage concrete imagery, but SK gets carried away, at times making his prose feel phony and cheap. Mostly apparent in his descriptions of sex and violence, this habit pops up in other regards, as when he describes disease and excretion. In Writing Tools, Roy Peter Clark says, "Know when to back off and when to show off." With universally familiar phenomena like sex and excretion, we do not need detailed concrete images. Those are times to back off. Also, SK likes to show off his skill with offbeat jargon in dialog and character viewpoints. But this makes too many of his characters appear alike, and unconvincing. And SK can be a bit verbose. Especially in the later volumes of this series, he seems to follow Strunk & White's admonition "Delete unnecessary words" less than he follows the apocrypha "The thicker the book, the more impressive it is." Though I consider SK an occasional, worthy digression, I prefer standard prose, polished by authors (and editors) who pay close attention to Strunk & White's The Elements of Style. I award The Dark Tower five stars because I do not consider flawless prose a requirement and because The Dark Tower is a good story. Be it ever so, and I thankya.
Roland's Aim Is True & Instinctive The Gunslinger, by Stephen King The Master of the Macabre began writing this series of novels in the late 70's that dealt with a post apocalyptic world of guns, mutants and sorcery. The sensational saga began with this book, The Gunslinger; a weird hybrid of Western, horror, fantasy and science fiction. Roland is the main character, a deadly gunslinger on a quest to find the Dark Tower. Along Roland's journey he crosses the path of a strange assortment of characters and freaks. In one town alone he is forced to kill almost the entire population who relentlessly attack him as if possessed by vicious demons. During this engrossing encounter Roland unloads his trusty revolvers on the wicked and reloads them as if possessed himself. Sticking to the basics of the popular mainstream western genre Roland carries a pair of tuned 1873 Colt Single Actions he inherited from his father that are commonly referred to as the Peacemaker. It is a good description, for those looking down the barrel of these must quickly make peace with their maker... This is definitely an interesting beginning to an unreal and uncanny tale that took Stephen King decades to complete. This story and its series actually tie into a great deal of other books within King's horrific universe. Luckily for those with little patience or ability to focus on a book, Marvel Comics has been publishing an adaption that is illustrated pretty well by Jae Lee. I have read them all and have been pleased by how faithful to this outstanding series of books it has been. The luck continues because anyone interested could easily buy these issues in graphic novel form... all bound together and cheaper overall. This goes the same with an ongoing series of The Stand by Marvel Comics.
My review is good A review of Stephen King's "The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger." by Robert Tyler Gasperson. It has taken me almost seven years to sit down and actually read this novel. I was 13 or 14 years old when I checked out the audio tape from the library. I got about halfway through the first side of the first tape. Then I had to turn it off. It was too wordy for me at the time. The story moved to slow and the words were over my head. I was young and couldn't get interested in the story. I wanted things to move fast, to get interesting, instead of actually thinking about what King had to say. At the age, if I couldn't get through "The Gunslinger", I wonder what my thoughts would have been about a book like "It" or "The Stand". I think I would never have gotten interested in King's work if that was the case. I started this novel about three weeks ago, just reading in my spare tie. Now with an older mind and a little ore reading experience, my interest was sparked and just about couldn't put it down I took a trip with Rolland to the old man's house in the desert and listened as he told the story of how he killed everyone in the small city of Tull. I walked with him through the desert and watched as Rolland found the boy, Jake, at the Waystation. I observed the relationship between the boy and the Gunslinger as they crossed the desert and entered the forest. I watched as they chased the Man in Black. The first four parts of the book was just an intro. They told of the long Journey that Rolland took to find the Man in Black. It told of the past, how Rolland won his guns. It told of how the boy ended up at the Waystation. The chapters also explains some of how our own planet Earth is connected to Rolland's home world. These chapters tell of the magic that fills the lands. They tell about the entities that scour the surface for the food that they desire. They also give all the details about the life of Rolland. The final chapter is the essence of the book, or even the essence of the universe. The Man in Black meets the Gunslinger with the anticipation of telling him what he needs to know to complete his quest for "The Dark Tower." The Man in Black went to explain the finite essence of Rolland's mind. He explains how much more there is to the universe or, more than that, universes. In the words of the Man in Black he says: "Imagine the sand of the Mohanie Desert, which you crossed to find e, and imagine a trillion universes - not world but universes - encapsulated in each grain of that desert; and within each universe an infinity of others. We tower over these universe an infinity of others. We tower over these universes fro our pitiful grass vantage point; with one swing of your boot you may knock a billion billion worlds flying off into darkness, in a chain never to be completed." When I read this, I thought about it. I have had this kind of thought before. I always wondered what was beyond the proton, neutron, and electron. What if there was a universe inside each particle. It could even get smaller than that. Each atom in that universe had universes in its particles and so on and so forth. Mind boggling isn't it. I would have to give this novel three out of five King points. There was not enough detail and interest in the first four chapters, yet the final chapter did very well.
When Evil Becomes us. Long time SK fan but I don't know why I haven't read this series before. Such a good story, the gunslinger presents details of events that could have been the results of our own misgivings. Excellent read. Eagerly awaiting the next book in the series.
Highly Recommended Having the read the entire series but book 1, it was like revisiting a good friend. I read that the author re-wrote the book to reflect what the series became so I do not have a reference for what the book was like originally. That being said, taken from a new reader perspective, it was worth the read and put it out a few pieces in place that I was lacking in perspective.
Re-read after about 20 years I like the edits, though I now want to compare my old paperback to this version to see where they really actually are. Even without knowing very specifically, I felt like this was easier to read and tie in to the whole story than when I read it the first time though I guess that could also be my own age and hindsight working too!
I really loved the world and the story about the people in ... I'm not a King fan, and this is only the third book of his I have read. I didn't really get into it. I really loved the world and the story about the people in it, but I couldn't really feel much for the main characters. I don't know what it was. But, I have the next one in the series, so I will give it another shot.
A Great Opening to What I Hope is a Great Series. Just finished this one and bought Book II immediately. This is a book that opens lots of threads that I expect will be resolved over the rest of the books in the series. Despite all the threads this book opens, it holds together well as a novel and is a compelling read. Stephen King is a wonderful story teller and this book is no exception. It feels like the Series will build into something really special, but for me, it's early days in the series and we'll see how we go...
Not so classic Stephen King I had read this book years ago but wanted to reread it prior to reading the rest of the series. A truly enjoyable story where you really don't know what's going to happen next. Not what I expected from a Stephen King book, but that's what makes him a great writer; the unexpected.
Not sure if one calls this fantasy, scifi, or something else - but definitely call it entertaining! This is the start of an epic journey. We are introduced to Roland, a “gunslinger,” the last “gunslinger.” The world has “moved on,” leaving he, and his kind, behind. This book accompanies Roland on the early stages in his quest to reach The Tower. I cannot imagine missing the opportunity to continue joining Roland through his quest, through the seventh book, though I must admit that the books began to regress exponentially after the tremendous first four books.
I just love the story telling aspect and how it is a ... I read this book years ago when i was a teenager. Recently i became interested in the series as i wanted to finish it (i only read the first four). I just love the story telling aspect and how it is a science fiction western. the imagery, conflict, character development - all of it i just really really like. Very quick read. If you fly through this - i would imagine you will be buying book number two right after.
Love Stephen King, but not this book. First off I am a huge Stephen King fan, but this book did not hold my attention. I did not really understand where the storyline was going even to the last page. There probably is a great storyline in there but It was a little too scattered and vague for me.
the best of the series I had never read a stephen king book when i first read this, 10 years ago, and i was certainly skeptical. Long story short, I was blown away by the style and how captivating the story and characters were. The world's concept alone is mind blowing: wild west meets post-apocalyptic meets King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table meets the Wizard of Oz. It's crazy stuff. This is a truly great story and, in my opinion, the best book in the series.
Worth the Effort! Took me a little while to get into the Stephen King mind set but I was glad I took the time. If you read the introduction called "19", then you are somewhat prepared for a slow moving saga. In fact, the length of the intro alone made me hesitant to get started. Stephen King takes his time setting the scene for what is going to be an epic journey. Sometimes I felt as if I was watching a movie that was moving too slow. However, I persevered and by the end I was hooked. Could not wait to get the second edition. I found the character of the gunslinger well developed and the quest established, but with enough mystery to hold my interest. This was my first Stephen King book, so I did not know his writing style. The vivid imagination with good twists and turns made sure that as, a reader, I was pulled slowly into the story. What I liked most was the slow realization that I was wanting to know more and more about what was going to happen, while at the same time really enjoying what was presently happening. It is similar in a way to the Lord of the Rings, in that it takes some time to create the basis for what will be a long and involved tale. If you read reviews, like I do, to see if you want to read something, then be prepared to relax and not rush, as the end will be a long time in coming. But, as I said in my opening. It is worth the effort!
Surreal, Supernatural Science Fiction 4.5 stars. "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed." With this line, the first book in The Dark Tower series was born. After having read this book at long last, I can see why Stephen King views this as pretty much his masterpiece. With rhythmic, beat-poetry-like narration and a surreal, almost hypnotic setting, I can honestly say that while I had no idea what was happening with this book (I'll explain), I loved every paragraph along the way. Roland Deschain is a gunslinger, of the Wild Western lot, and possessing an almost sacrosanct duty to keep peace and order in his land. He is the last of his kind and has spent as long as he can remember chasing the man in black, and, more importantly, the elusive Dark Tower. The setting of this book was surreal, a somewhat transcendental afterlife which had elements of the romanticized Wild West--desert, saloons, gunfights--mixed in with stylized speech patterns and bits of details long forgotten, taken from present day. The effect is an air of "otherness" which gives this book a very distinct feel as the story progresses. The main character, Roland, was one of those dark, mysterious figures that plays things close to the chest, has an array of deadly talents, and has the quiet authority that duly impresses. Quite simply, he reads like a badass, and proves how much he is one throughout the book. At the same time, however, there are moments of clarity in which the reader can see how human the gunslinger is, particularly in contrast to such an inhuman wasteland that serves as backdrop for this book. It was very easy to feel for the character, despite how hardened he was. While certain elements weren't really made clear--namely what, explicitly, the Dark Tower actually was--it's the open-endedness of that question that keeps you turning the pages. The newness and the compelling characters certainly kept my interest; however, the rather nonlinear plot left me wondering what the point of the story was, if there was one. By book's end, I wasn't sure if I'd found an answer to that or not, but I still feel compelled enough by the story to give the second book in the series a try. A haunting combination of science fiction and horror elements, The Gunslinger is hands-down a well-written and fascinating book.
Interesting story I have always heard about the Dark Tower series, and finally decided to get it. Although you can actually feel how young King must have been when he wrote it, is a very intriguing tale, with an easy narrative, and a compelling in-universe. Good enough to get the next one and keep reading.
Cup of tea... I have tried for a long time to like Stephen King... starting quite a few books (simply because all my friends read him) and seldom finishing them. This was no exception. I guess this simply isn't my cup-of-tea style of book, although I assume he is a good writer.
Sometimes slow, always fun, genre hodge-podge from Stephen King. There aren't a whole lot of books like the Stephen King's Dark Tower. This story blends together fantasy, science fiction, and even western to form one wild ride where you never know what is going to happen next. This series stars Roland Deschain, a knight from the fallen kingdom of Gilead who wields two .45 caliber revolvers forged from (we later find out) Excalibur itself. The story begins with him stalking someone known only as the Man in Black through a (post apocolyptic? Fantasy World? Other Planet?) desert. That may be the most interesting premise I have ever typed. I won't lie, this book can be very slow at times. There is a surprising amount detail spent on describing walking around for such a small book. But when King gets into action or dialogue, the book really comes together. Fights are exciting, and conversations between characters are a joy to read. If you like this, be sure to check out the sequel, which I feel is the best in the series.
An excellent start The Gunslinger is an excellent introduction to a series that will surely be a classic. The Gunslinger flows smoothly and captures your interest from the start. Don't expect all your questions to be answered by the end of the book! There's six more to follow it for that! The Gunslinger is fast and easily-flowing read that I couln't put down. Should be 4.5 out of 5 stars, but the system doesn't take half stars.
A MUST READ FOR EVERYONE!! If you don't want to devour the next 6 books after reading this one, then stick to the newspaper because this is one of the best books ever written by Stephen King. I have read all the Gunslinger books before and I will re-read them many more times in my lifetime. I also recommend them to every reader I know. Make that anyone who can read. You don't have to call yourself a reader to get through this book. The plot will pull you in and you'll be up late reading it every night because you cannot put it down!!
The Beginning of an Addiction The Gunslinger was the second book I had ever read by Stephen King. When I bought it I didn't know the extremely large following the series had, or even the fact that it was part of a series. After reading it, I was addicted, and delighted to find out that there were more books to continue the saga. King uses the parallel worlds and timescapes to create a massive domain for his characters to move about in. Along the way Roland (the main character and last of a dying breed of skilled fighters) meets Jake and down their path they meet many obstacles, such as the Wizards (Merlin and Marten) and are forced to use the deepest parts of their souls and minds to fight through. There are many flashbacks, visions, and hallucinations that tell a lot of interlinking stories with the story, and are very important to the journey to the dark tower. Sometimes these parts will confuse the reader, but if they are grasped, they enhance the novel greatly. This book will not only entertain you, it will make you feel as though you are walking through the barren desert, right beside Roland himself. Be prepared to buy the rest of the series once you read the first book, because you will not be able to stop. Currently I await the paperback of the next book to be avaible. (I would have the hardback but I bought the other four in matching paperback and I'm a geek like that) I know that anyone who reads the first books will be dying to have their hands on the rest sooner than they know it.
Roland of the dark tower I have read this book a half a dozen times and it still as great as the first time I read it...I've read the entire series and in a way it makes sense to start over again 😊.......so once more into the breach I go.
Intriguing The writing is good, solid King, without some of the repetitive unilateralism of his lesser works. But like Green Mile, he is slowly weaving what may become a great story. Am I hooked? Almost. I do want to continue this journey with Roland.
A couple of interesting things happen, but it's mostly vague. We don't know any why's yet. 3 STARS FOR THIS BOOK 1 IN THE SERIES. This is not a stand alone book. It sets things up. It is set in the future in an apocalyptic world. There are no cars, probably because there is no gas. In this book a gunslinger is walking with a mule in the desert. He has sworn to go to the Dark Tower - don't know why. He is following a sorcerer whom he believes can tell him how to get there. Gunslinger carries two revolvers. He is an excellent shot. He has excellent insights into people. There's a short back story about when he first became a gunslinger. The narrator George Guidall was fine, but he's not as good as Frank Muller. DATA: Narrative mode: 3rd person. Unabridged audiobook reading time: 7 hrs and 24 mins. Swearing language: strong including religious swear words but rarely used. Sexual content: A few sex scenes are referred to, no details shown. Setting: apocalyptic future in the U.S. Book copyright: 1982 and 2003. Genre: apocalyptic fantasy. -------------------------------------------------------------- 3 STARS FOR THE ENTIRE 8 BOOK SERIES: One of the books is number 4 ½. The last book is number 7. The main character is Roland, a gunslinger, inspired by the Clint Eastwood character in his spaghetti western movies (ex: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly). Roland is on a journey to the Dark Tower to stop evil forces from destroying the world. The books should be read in order. There are many wonderful ideas and stories. There is also too much clutter, rambling, and things I think should have been edited out. The Harry Potter series was better because everything developed the characters and moved the plots forward. Here at times I felt the author was writing short stories and getting off track. Overall I'm glad I read it. And there were a some wonderful parts that I will remember. I was disappointed with the last two books. Instead of enjoying the journey, I wanted them to be over. I did not like Roland's ending. It left a bad taste in my mouth. There was such potential and it felt piddled out. I liked one reviewer's comment "in his rush to end this series the author has given up its soul." (Amazon reviewer Roger FitzAlan "Aranarth") Although not necessary, you might be glad to read The Stand before reading this series. The evil guy in The Stand (Flagg) continues being evil here. I really liked what happened to him in the first half of Dark Tower book 7. Throughout the series there are snippets of characters from various King books, but nothing to recommend reading those books first.
The first book review Stephen King really is compelling when it comes to writing and this book proves it. Although it may be confusing, Book 1 of the series is a lot of excitment and does`nt stray too far into a cliche. The book does happend to go into flashbacks without warning with Roland the anti-hero of the story and it can feel jarring. That seems to be the only flaw with the book. However, King does impress us with how compelling Roland can be and his relationships with a character are always a suprise and unexpecting. Also, just when the story starts to feel boring, King thoughtfully gives us a big climactic moment that makes you want to read more. Book 1 did a fine job and I hope Book 2 of the series manages to peek the level of talent and excitment that this one did.
Couldn't put it down I have been reading Stephen King for 20years now but always resisted the Dark Tower series. Partly because it didn't seem like "real" Stephen King to me, and partly because of the cult following behind it. But always in the back of my mind I thought- later. Sometime later in life I will get around to it. Well that time is now. Started the first book on my kindle yesterday and found myself not wanting to put it down. Became enchanted.by the vivid imagery and loved it. Now on to the next.....
A Great Introduction to the Series The Gunslinger introduces us to Roland, a man on a mission to return his deteriorating and desolate world back to the glory that it once had. To do so, he must first catch the mysterious man in black, and Roland treks vast distances in order to catch him. Facing a forbidding landscape along with a few traps left behind by his enemy, Roland has no easy time of catching his prey. This book excels on almost every level. Although the characters are few in number, they are set up and described so well that you can't help but be drawn into their lives, especially Roland and Jake. The descriptions of the lands that Roland travels through are also spot on. King truly paints such a vivid picture of Gilead that a movie adaptation would probably never do the book justice. I read a lot of reviews about people saying they don't really like this book compared to the other Dark Tower books. It is different, but this is the one that really drew me into the Dark Tower series. It's here that you see what a solitary, tragic, unique figure Roland is. After reading this book, I just had to know if Roland would complete his quest. I've read the original many times, and read this new version a few months ago. The update makes small changes here and there and also fixes some problems that used to conflict with the later novels. If you give this book a try, you can't help but read the next book in the Dark Tower series.
Weird, but great. I tried and failed reading this when I was in middle school. the world and the prose was beyond me, so after finding it in Half Priced Books on my most recent vacation to Texas, I snapped it up. Read it in two nights. Love it. Weird-west meets the afterlife, meets sword and sorcery. The biggest compliment I can give the book is that it's inspirational, and makes me want to throw my hat in the ring in terms of the genre. I took a star off because the prose is quite awkward at times, and King leaves a LOT for you to infer based on odd language interactions. Entertaining, but it can be laborious. Recommended, but make sure you have some patience.
Failed to hook me The imagery in this novel is awesome. The bulk of the story is in a western style post apocalyptic desert. There's saloons, gun fights and creepy abandoned towns. The Gunslinger also had flashbacks that took us to some kind of medieval-style fantasy world and we even meet a character that took us back to current time New York. I couldn't figure out how they all fit together though. I spent most of this story trying to piece together details to help me figure out the plot. Roland, The Gunslinger, is on the tail of The Man In Black and chasing him through the desert. I think he is chasing him to find some kind of tower. I am not sure why we want to find The Tower. The book is full of creative details that I spent too much time trying to figure out in hopes that they might be connected to the plot. For example, in this futuristic world, poker is called 'Watch Me'. It took me half a chapter to figure this out and it added nothing to the plot! I was starting to have a hard time turning the pages. There wasn't enough back story to explain what was going on. Roland also had a very disconnected character and in the beginning I took this as part of his 'bad ass take no prisoners' persona. Then we get introduce to the kid and I realized that the characters are just underdeveloped. I felt no heart ache in their moments of loss and I should have. The reader spends the entire book chasing after The Man in Black to find The Tower. We never find out what The Tower is and we never find it. Very unsatisfying. Stephen King failed to hook me with this first book and I won't be continuing with the series.
This Book is Intriging but The Gunslinger as a stand alone book would have been 5 stars. Unfortunately it is 1 of 7. If you are planning to read this as a series I would recommend you look to the reviews of book 7. I finished what I started, but the end was much weaker than the begining. If this is Mr. King's hope to match the greats of Sci Fi Fantasy, he has been measured and found lacking. As a side note, I really don't have enough interest in Mr. King's "On being Nineteen" to read it in each of the first four books. Reading it once as the kindle free sample was quite enough and should be warning enough of tales to come. This was added well after the original book was written.
Not What I Expected Interesting book. However, from the authors own forwad I expected something more "Tolkienish". It should not in any way, shape, or form be comparede to "Lord of the Rings". It is definately the author's own style - with a science fiction/fantasy twist. That being said I certainly liked it enough to order the second book in the series!
Good but not for me My brother was a huge fan of the Gunslinger series, but I never quite got into them. I read the first one—this one—but didn’t feel compelled to continue on with the series. It wasn’t that there was anything wrong with the book, per say. It was more just a matter of preference. The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower) is essentially a fantasy series like Lord of the Rings, except darker with a western-type angle. Honestly, it just wasn’t the type of book I ordinarily read. That said, it did a good job of building suspense, it was dark and creepy at times, and the flow was good. If you are into fantasy novels, especially dark fantasy, you may want to give this one a try. As for me, it just didn’t grab my attention enough for me to want to continue onto book 2 in the series.
gets better toward the end As much as I like horror, I've never read King's The Dark Tower series, so I thought it was time to start. The series begins with The Gunslinger, a book that takes place in a nightmarish-post-apocalypticish-wild-Westish setting in which a gunslinger named Roland is following a mysterious figure known only as the man in black--with passing references to a dark tower. At first I was irked by being thrown into the tale without a full understanding of what was happening. It slowed my interest initially, as I had to piece together bits from the present as well as Roland's recollections of his past. But as the tale progressed, I came to enjoy discovering the elements of Roland's world, and when the book ended, I ran to my keyboard to order Book Two. What I enjoyed most was the balance between mystery and fatalism. It seems that characters know--if only subconsciously--what is to come and what has come before. Along his journey, Roland encounters (among other things) a boy named Jake. He and Jake travel together, though they both sense that Jake will end up being sacrificed in the end. There is also the suggestion that the man in black, while somewhat elusive, is making sure Roland catches him. Jake makes references to things he doesn't quite understand, things like movies and subways from a time before the world moved on (and this, despite the fact that he also makes references to having already died in such a world). The last chapter makes up for any confusing scenes in the beginning, insight coming like fireworks even as more mystery develops. I won't give away much--only to say that the dark tower sought by the gunslinger is the crux of it all, and it's something he doesn't find in Book One. The ending definitely leaves the reading longing for the next book in the series (so watch this space for an upcoming review!). Finally, as an English teacher and writer, I enjoyed King's Afterward, in which he reveals some of the history behind his writing of the novel, including the fact that he was inspired by Robert Browning's poem "Childe Roland."
The Beginning of a Great Story I've been a fan of King's work for quite some time now. I bought 'The Dark Tower' when I was younger. I started it, and could not get into it. I recently picked it back up, and tried again. I'm glad I did. This book drops you right into a fantastic world that has some faded similarities to our own world. And in other ways, this world is completely alien. King does a few refreshing things here. For one, the world has not 'ended' or 'died.' The world of the gunslinger has 'moved on' and left humanity behind. Its an oft-repeated phrase throughout this novel, and the novels that follow. The gunslinger is the last survivor of the last civilized culture, which has since perished, along with the gunslinger's friends and family. Despite how cliche that might sound, the character of the gunslinger is intriguing. He's a deeply conflicted character: deadly purpose incarnate, but with honor. He seeks The Dark Tower, in a world that has 'moved on' - and nothing will stop him. The ending of the novel is really just the beginning of this tale, and for readers who aren't in it for the long haul, it may be disappointing. It just made me want to get on to the next novel. I read the first three of this series in 2 weeks; ravenously devouring one after another. Now I'm anxious to start the fourth book. I highly recommend this book, and those that follow.
King of Classic Like he promises in the intro that this book was inspired by the likes of The Hobbit, certainly King's gunslinger takes us on a noble quest that keeps the pages turning. Fastest book I ever read...maybe fast as the gunslinger's fingers.
The best of the bunch This is the book that grabbed me by the throat and got me to read through the entire series. I found the rest of the books spotty – sometimes brilliant, but frequently silly, off-track or even boring, but this first volume is the best thing I’ve ever read from SK. That it’s a shorter book than the bloated volumes that follow probably helps. (I should say I read the original version as serialized in the Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction – perhaps I’d find the revised version less to my taste, I don’t know.)
A Slow Start, but Promising Future The Gunslinger was unlike anything that I had read before. I had gone into it with high hopes because I have heard great things about the entire series from numerous people whose opinions I trust. I was... confused upon reading it. The pacing throughout the entire books is askew and seems to have no rhyme or reason to it. It starts off interesting, becomes a bit tedious, goes back to a quick pace, slows down again, etc. Parts of Roland's story, such as his past, were very interesting and the only thing that kept me hooked on the story. But, there are only so many times I can hear about his traveling the baron lands and nothing happening. It honestly seems like parts of the book were written by two different people because of how poorly they mesh. King is a great story teller, that can't be doubted. But for some parts of this book he completely swung and missed. By the end of the book I was unsure whether or not I wanted to continue to the next book in the series. I wasn't in any danger of not finishing the book, but then again that is almost never a problem for me because I just like to finish a book if I start it. The end though did leave off at a promising spot that I hope leads to a more solid series overall. There is plenty of intrigue in the premise of the story, and I have no doubt it can turn into something great. The trick will be to improve the narrative before putting the reader to sleep and having them miss those good parts. I'm leaving this with a 3/5, but I will continue on to the next book in the series still optimistic. I don't think everyone would have led me wrong, and King has been tested time and time again while proving to be a literary genius.
A story fitting of a Master This is by far Stephen King's greatest accomplishment as a writer. If you give up on the the Gunslinger or give up on the series after the first book you will miss so much, read them all and treat yourself to an amazing reading experience.
The Start of King's epic series (some spoilers, so beware new readers" When I was 14 I bought the paperback of this book for a book report. I'm one of those kids who didn't like reading. So I just skimmed through the book and took down character names and made believe I knew what the book was about lol. Years later when I was like 24 or 25 I got into fantasy books, starting with the Lord of the Rings trilogy. After being done with those I wanted more fantasy. So I asked people what they'd recommend and so many people recommded Stephen King's Dark Tower books. So I figured I'd finally read that book I faked reading years before. This book was captivating and got me into King books. I always had them in my room incase I ever got interested in actually reading lol. This review I think is of the older version. Since I heard there's a newer version that's a little different. So don't blame if I mis-lead you in anyway. The book is about a gunslinger named Roland who is on the pursuit of an evil mysterious man he nicknames the Man in Black. Roland has an obsession for something called The Dark Tower. He knows that he needs to catch up to the man in black before he continues his journey to the Tower. He knows he has information he needs to get there. Think that's how it goes anyway since I'm on book 6 now and haven't read this one in awhile. He stops at a town that the man in black was at first. There he meets a scarred women named Allie. She's married but the two get together anyway. Which doesn't go well with the husband of course. He also meets a heavy nutty preacher women named Sylvia Pittston. He sleeps with her too but not out of attraction. She has information he wants. Soon though awful things happen in that town. The man in black some how made the whole town go nuts in-order to slow Roland down. They all go after Roland, even the children. Since he has a trigger finger he can't control he kills everyone in sight. Even poor Allie on accident who was the only one not possessed by the man in black. Shortly after Roland narrowly escaping that town he meets a boy named Jake who isn't from his world. Roland finds out how he got there by putting him under hypnosis. Some how he got there after dieing from getting pushed in front of a car. Jake who's scared and lost without Roland joins his quest to find the man in black. After that we get a flashback of Roland's teenage days. We meet his friend Cuthbert for the first time before reading about their adventure together in Wizard and Glass. We also learn how Roland faces his instructor named Cort inoder to become a Gunslinger. Back in real time, Roland soon has to choose between Jake or the Tower. I'm sure I left a lot out but that's good because I don't want to spoil everything. It's good to have Drawing of Three handy when you're done with this book. Because you'll probably wanna start on it as soon as you finish this book. The book is shorter than all the others. The books after it are full of a lot more action suspense and fantasy. This book is still incredibly cool and gives you a small idea of what you're instore for.
Good book! Read it if you get the chance. Overall, I thought it was a good book. I read it because my friend recommended it to me. It's not normally the kind of book I would read but I actually liked it. Definitely read it, if you get the chance.
Profound Fantasy (though really...sci fi?) This is not your average fantasy novel. It has magic and monster, but none of them seem very fantastic. Stephen King manages to make all of this seem real. Because everything else is made so real from his writing. At times, though, this backfires and you finish a paragraph thinking "wait...what?" The details acting a little too much like distractions or detractions. There are some very profound themes though, but even if these are ignored or not fully understood, the sheer drama is worth the effort of reading. Especially because, now, you get to read the rest of the series (much better written).
Liked this book - ended up HATING the series I have tried 2-3 times in the last 15 years to read this book and I always put it down because it seemed so boring. I've heard so many people rave about the Dark Tower series, I decided to give it another go. This time I couldn't stop reading, I guess I never gave it a fair shot before. I have heard that this is the weakest book of the series, but I still thought it was great. I cared about the Roland (even after he does something despicable), found the backstory really interesting, and was left with a hundred questions (that I hope get answered)
Great Literature, Okay Book This is far from a bad book, but I just personally wasn't a huge fan. The writing is great, and the world in original, it's a fantastic piece of literature, but I just didn't enjoy reading it. I couldn't really get into it, and this was perhaps because of the very round-about style of story telling. By this, I mean that almost nothing happens in the present, with all of the exiting things occuring in flashbacks. I also found the writing to be a bit pretentious, and I didn't like the main character. The story when you get down to it is pretty basic, where essentially it occurs many years in the future after some sort of apocalyptic event, and now time and the laws of the universe are running thin, with humanity on its last legs consequentially. The main character is the last gunslinger, which is this worlds version of a noble/knight, but his world was apparently ruined by a man dressed in black, and he's been chasing him for years. When the book starts, the Gunslinger is finally closing in on the man dressed in black, and he's only a desert away from finding the answers he's been searching for. I wouldn't wholeheartedly recommend this book, but it is definitely an interesting read. I'm not sure if I'll continue the series, but I am happy to have read it, I was always curious about the series as so many people love it, but perhaps it just isn't for me.
A must for King fans! This has been on my to read pile for ever, and I finally ended up listening to it on CD during my commute to fit it in. I'm actually glad I listened to it instead of reading it, because some of the scenes and descriptions were a bit out there. Listening to it helped me get a better visual of the world created by King. As someone who has read a LOT of King's books (most recently Black House) it was fascinating to see how The Gunslinger (one of King's earlier works) is referenced in his other works. The story and characters aren't as fleshed out as a typical King work (which tend to be excessively long), but the story never gets lost in the brevity.
Strange but interesting This was an interesting, if weird, book. It introduces the main character and sets the storyline for the other books in this series. Unfortunately, although the second and third books were good, the series generally fell flat. The ending was disappointing. I waited years for all the books to be written, so I could read them sequentially. What a shame it wasn't worth the wait.
A difficult but great beginning of a major masterpiece "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed..." These are the magic words which open "Dark Tower" series, one of the major cycles in the history of fantasy litterature. As we now all know, this first installment was written by a very young Stephen King under the influence of the great western "The good, the bad and the ugly", with Roland being initially a copy of Clint Eastwood's character in Sergio Leone movie. In the first draft the desert chase was basically a retelling of Tuco's (Elli Wallach) pursuit of Eastwood's "man without name". Now, this is not a totally easy book - in fact, the first time I started it, I got tired in the middle and stopped... for 10 years! And when I tried again, I was hooked and enchanted. I read all the seven book cycle in the next months and count it as major event in my reading life. The enchantment of "Dark Tower" is due mainly to two things - a totally unique hero (Roland the last gunslinger) and an incredibly powerful decription of a world with which something is going really, but really wrong. The world of "Dark Tower" is somehow decaying, falling in pieces, loosing its structure, mixing with other worlds - and it creates an absolutely unique setting. So beware - if you have some deadlines in your work, wait with reading this book, because you could meet the same fate as me and spend every evening and every free moment reading "Dark Tower". And if you are a Stephen King hater beware even more, because you could suddenly discover that you were hating a major modern writer. This is indeed a very magical and for that reason a very dangerous book! One of the best things in "Dark Tower" series is that as the Tower is the axe around which evolves all the worlds in the Universe, all Stephen King books are connected to this cycle. There are openings to the Dark Tower in almost all his novels and in the Dark Tower series are the entries to all his books. This is quite an achievement. And all of this begins with the man in black fleeing across the desert and the gunslinger following...
Why I read so much. This is by far my favorite book. Not only is it my favorite book but it is soley responsible for why I read so much. I grew up on "Star Wars" for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I came to the conclusion that film was the best option for telling grand stories. I WAS WRONG. I started reading King from a young age but never started to read the Dark Tower series because they just weren't the kind of stuff I was accustomed to reading. That and they looked like a western. what's up with that? Then came the time that King started to write them again, and gosh darn it he was going to finish it. The man talked like a fan. He talked like somebody that was truly passionate about what he was doing. I listened when my favorite author told me "it is his masterpiece". So I went and got the first book in his saga "the gunslinger" only to find out he wasn't lying about "it being what he wants to be remembered for". I won't bore you by explaining the plot because trying to explain it to someone who has never read it is impossible. Just Know that "The Gunslinger" is biblical in the way that it is told. Think half "Lord of The Rings", half "The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly", all like nothing you've ever Read.
Best Series Ever! The Dark Tower is my favorite series of books ever written. The Gunslinger was written while King was still in college, so his writing isn't as developed at this stage, and the entire book is a bit slow and not so adventurous. However, it isn't BAD, and once you're through with this volume (you can call it the first part of a two part prologue, "The Drawing of the Three" being the second) you're in for 3000+ pages of pure epicness!
The Beginning of King's Crowning Achievement (*spoilers included*) The Gunslinger. This is where it all started for Dark Tower fans, this puzzling little novel that seemed to be such a departure from the expectations Stephen King had created with his first several books. I've heard many readers claim that they have trouble getting into The Gunslinger, calling it slow and recommending that people start with the second book, The Drawing of the Three. While I love the second DT book, I can't agree with the idea that this one is anything less than incredible. I was instantly pulled in by the premise of a hardened, unnamed gunslinger tracking a sinister, unnamed sorcerer across a fantastic alien landscape, seeking answers for his greater quest of reaching an unexplained colossus called the Dark Tower. The intrigue inspired by this setup was more than satisfied as I read about the wonders of Mid-World, one of Stephen King's most amazing creations as a writer. The gunslinger, eventually named as Roland well into the book, and his mythical past in Gilead, the provocative connections between Roland's world and ours, the terrifying creatures like the slow mutants, Roland's brute force and intensity...some of the myriad reasons I've been a dedicated Tower fan since reading the first page of this book. In the thrilling climax to the story, Roland catches his Man in Black, and this is where King really hooked me into the entire series. The sorcerer, Walter, sends Roland a vision where he comes to understand the true nature of infinity. He is shown that an endless array of worlds exist, side by side, within one another, or one on top of another, all held in place by the Dark Tower. Walter explains that a room exists at the top, and inside the room....? God? Nothing? That's the mystery, and Roland must solve it in order to save his world, and all the others that would fall should the Tower come to harm. In The Gunslinger, Roland encounters one challenge after another, keeping a stoic, Clint Eastwood `Man with No Name' persona throughout each successful battle. Stephen King allows his imagination to truly run free in this opening installment of the Dark Tower series, as well as the rest of what is the master work of his career. If you're a fan of King who has put off reading these books for whatever reasons, you've been missing out on some spectacular fiction that spans nearly all genres. It's a great series, and this is a great book to get it started. Having said all that, I have to warn potential newcomers that this particular version of The Gunslinger is a revised and expanded edition. After King finished the series, he decided that he wanted the first book to sound more like the others, so he went through page by page and altered some dialogue, added in several scenes, and made changes to certain aspects of Roland's character, as well as how some of the action transpires. I don't love the idea of King going back after the fact and changing the first book already knowing what he's done with the rest of it, making it look like some plot points were carefully planned from the start when not all of them were. It's not enough to ruin the book, but it is enough to drop it from five stars to four. It doesn't have quite the same tone of the original, which was part of its allure. I do recommend reading both versions just to have the full picture of what King wants the story to be, but of the two, I strongly prefer the grit and authenticity of the original.
The Beginning of King's Crowning Achievement (*spoilers included*) The Gunslinger. This is where it all started for Dark Tower fans, this puzzling little novel that seemed to be such a departure from the expectations Stephen King had created with his first several books. I've heard many readers claim that they have trouble getting into The Gunslinger, calling it slow and recommending that people start with the second book, The Drawing of the Three. While I love the second DT book, I can't agree with the idea that this one is anything less than incredible. I was instantly pulled in by the premise of a hardened, unnamed gunslinger tracking a sinister, unnamed sorcerer across a fantastic alien landscape, seeking answers for his greater quest of reaching an unexplained colossus called the Dark Tower. The intrigue inspired by this setup was more than satisfied as I read about the wonders of Mid-World, one of Stephen King's most amazing creations as a writer. The gunslinger, eventually named as Roland well into the book, and his mythical past in Gilead, the provocative connections between Roland's world and ours, the terrifying creatures like the slow mutants, Roland's brute force and intensity...some of the myriad reasons I've been a dedicated Tower fan since reading the first page of this book. In the thrilling climax to the story, Roland catches his Man in Black, and this is where King really hooked me into the entire series. The sorcerer, Walter, sends Roland a vision where he comes to understand the true nature of infinity. He is shown that an endless array of worlds exist, side by side, within one another, or one on top of another, all held in place by the Dark Tower. Walter explains that a room exists at the top, and inside the room....? God? Nothing? That's the mystery, and Roland must solve it in order to save his world, and all the others that would fall should the Tower come to harm. In The Gunslinger, Roland encounters one challenge after another, keeping a stoic, Clint Eastwood `Man with No Name' persona throughout each successful battle. Stephen King allows his imagination to truly run free in this opening installment of the Dark Tower series, as well as the rest of what is the master work of his career. If you're a fan of King who has put off reading these books for whatever reasons, you've been missing out on some spectacular fiction that spans nearly all genres. It's a great series, and this is a great book to get it started. Having said all that, I have to warn potential newcomers that this particular version of The Gunslinger is a revised and expanded edition. After King finished the series, he decided that he wanted the first book to sound more like the others, so he went through page by page and altered some dialogue, added in several scenes, and made changes to certain aspects of Roland's character, as well as how some of the action transpires. I don't love the idea of King going back after the fact and changing the first book already knowing what he's done with the rest of it, making it look like some plot points were carefully planned from the start when not all of them were. It's not enough to ruin the book, but it is enough to drop it from five stars to four. It doesn't have quite the same tone of the original, which was part of that book's allure. I do recommend reading both versions just to have the full picture of what King wants the story to be, but of the two, I strongly prefer the grit and authenticity of the original.
THE GUNSLINGER by Stephen King The Gunslinger, by Stephen King, is the first novel in the Dark Tower fantasy series. It was originally published in five sections in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction from 1978 to 1981. King later revised The Gunslinger to remove contradictions with following books. This novel, a fantasy western, follows the gunslinger Roland in his quest of the man in black, with numerous flashbacks to Roland's past that give the reader information about his past, if not too much insight to his character (which comes primarily via his actions). The Gunslinger is highly stylized. It is filled to the brim with imagery, almost to the point of distraction for the reader. This gives the book a slower, deliberate pace and makes it reminiscent of a Sergio Leone/Clint Eastwood movie (which King acknowledges in his revised edition). All told, this is a fairly unique offering from the very versatile King, and is even stylistically unique among the books in this series. The original novel is more or less complete in itself; there is no cliffhanger ending. The book is entertaining in and of itself, and works both as a stand-alone novel and as the introduction to the Dark Tower series.
The Gunslinger owns! This is without a doubt the best book I've ever read. It is written in such a poetic, discriptive form that it is hard to put down. A very original idea and plot, this is a must read.
The Beginnings of an Epic "The Gunslinger" (being the first book in The Dark Tower sequence) is the first book by Stephen King that I ever read. While some of the language was poetic and used countless similes and metaphors, I found myself immediately sucked into the world of Roland. In other works that try to imitate King's descriptive style, the description takes over the story, this story is strong enough to live on it's own. As a matter of fact, this story is so strong that it breaks almost every convention and still survives. Most readers are happy to dive into a story where the plot, characters, and back story is introduced right away. In this book, that is not the case. The plot, the motivations, and the back story are revealed in the latter parts of the novel, but only to a point. The reader is thrown into a narrative, asking "Wait, but why--" as they go along. Only every now and then do they get answers, but this does not hinder the story-- it increases the excitement. This story has so much of the unknown that it becomes an escape, a mysterious world where everything is new to you. Roland's relationships, especially with Jake and the Man in Black, are not over done. There is no pure hate, and no pure love, as there is also no pure good or bad. Because who is to say that Roland is a "good guy"? This story throws a lot of questions up in the air, and leaves a lot of story to the later volumes. Despite this, it stands on its own as a complete and very readable novel. 9/10
Let King take you into Roland's world. I thoroughly enjoyed this book, even though I think that The Gunslinger is really an aquired taste. I never had the time to read through all of one of Kings works, and From a Buick 8 lost me in the first couple chapters. I decided to give this one a try since it was shorter and looked more appealing. After reading it through I was very impressed with it. I must say its very outlandish, but at the same time it doesn't lose me. The whole concept and story of Roland the Gunslinger and his quest for the Dark Tower is so deep and well thought out that you want to follow him on his journey, which perhaps was King's intentions. This first installment of the series does an excellent job with character development, and if you read through the first book you will realize why this is important. Roland becomes very real, you almost become intune with his feelings and emotions. By the time you read through to the Dark Tower, it will break your heart to see Roland go. I have not read much of King's work but i have to believe that the Dark Tower series is his most creative and inspiring work. Give the Gunslinger a try and let King take you into Roland's world.
The Man in Black fled across the desert.... And the Gunslinger followed. Thus begins the greatest collection of books ever written. (At least in my humble opinion) Mr. King weaves a tale of knights, adventure, and romance stretching across the centuries, as Roland of Gilead begins his pursuit of the evasive Man in Black. The first book in the Dark Tower saga, The Gunslinger, is a modest opening stanza in a tale where the following books were much better. It is the tale of Roland, the last Gunslinger, a kind of Knight/Cowboy who is chasing the Man in Black. This however is just a means to an end, as his ultimate chase is for The Dark Tower. Along his trek through the desert, he comes across a boy names Jake Chambers, who died in another reality. Eventually, Roland catches the Man in Black, sans Jake, whom he has sacrificed to reach said Man in Black. The Man in Black tells of Rolands future with a deck of tarot cards. Three cards are drawn to Roland attention: The Prisoner, The Lady of Shadows, and Death. ("but not for you Gunslinger.") Roland is left sitting on the edge of the Western Sea, pondering the future. Be careful if reading the original version of this book however, as the dialogue is dated and does not really match that of the later novels. I recommend the revised version, although I really enjoyed the original. The above is a general overview of the first book, and really should be read by any fan of either Stephen King, or any fan of the fantasy genre.
the best of the series While i love this entire series and consider it one of my favorites, this is probably the best of the bunch. Here, at the beginning of his career, King created the centerpiece of his future works. Nearly all of King's books fit into the general framework of the Dark Tower and a few are directly related. It is telling that King works to include stealthy references to the series in many of his books. But why is this the best of the series? It's hard for me to express. The writing conveys such an environment of grit, suffering, and entrapment for the ultimate anti-hero, Roland Deschain the last gunslinger, to fulfill his ultimate purpose within. The greatest success of this work lies in its genesis of this character. It is only because of King's surprising success at creating the dramatic and complex persona of his morally questionable protagainist that the, at first,apparently unwieldy and daunting task of writing such an expansive series was permitted to reach its final completion. This book, and the series as a whole,is a great attempt at recreating the epic nature of life's journey towards destiny, purpose, and finally, its end.
Fascinating Fascinating, intriguing book. Writen so well, building up a convincing fantastic new world. Implented in my mind great peculiar images. Kept me in a mysterious curious mood. It is a fine literature and a thriller.
The beginning of one of my favorite Stephen King series The beginning of one of my favorite Stephen King series. I have decided to go back and read it again in anticipation of The Dark Tower movie. I am about halfway through The Gunslinger and it it just as good as I remember it!
The Gunslinger The gunslinger Roland the character in the story where did he originate? Was he born or just became him, I don't know I'm just fascinated by the books. The dark tower I just kept reading until I got to the third novel.
King starting off slow I had many people asking me what I was reading while going through this series. It might have been because my hands were black from the ink off of the cover (I had taken the dust jacket off so that it wouldn't get folded up or ripped and the cover stained my hands black every time I read). Once I told them it was Stephen King they usually showed a disgusted look and told me that they didn't like Stephen King. I understand that horror is not their favorite genre, but King is an amazing storyteller. He has many books that break from his usual blood and gore. This series is more a fantasy that has been years in the making. I also recommend "The Long Walk" and "Different Seasons." Had I not devoted myself to finishing the whole of the Dart Tower series I probably would have stopped after this book. Sometimes slow, sometimes boring, this book seems to spark little of my interest in following through. It wasn't until the last few pages of book 7 that I actually found much of interest in the first book. Yet, it is a short book and as many books take time to build to an interesting conflict so does The Gunslinger.
Great series, only gets better. This is a great book, I would have given it five stars, but that takes away from the rating of the subsequent books in the series. The pacing is a little slower than The Drawing of the Three especially but altogether it's a good start to an awesome story so far (I'm only just finishing the fourth book).
Tight and enticing I loved this short book. It really fired me up to read the rest of the series. It's deceptively simple but the image or the man in black being pursued by the gunslinger is a potent one. It works! The rest of the Dark Tower series follow on of course and are, collectively, one of King's finest achievements.
Great Beginning to a Great Story!! This book was an excellent read!! I could not put it down. I just ordered "the coming of the three". Read Gunslinger, you will love it. King is at his best!!
A glimpse at great things This book showed that King already had been a wonderful storyteller but at the time of writing not up to his current level and finesse. As stated in his recently added foreword, the reader needs to trudge through overuse of adverbs and stylistic constructs. However, none of this really matters, as the characters are fleshed out with King's typical attention to detail and warmth. It's a great story, and the writing improves in later books.
A Great Introduction There's plenty that's been said about Stephen King's THE DARK TOWER series, but before all of that began, there was THE GUNSLINGER. This first novel is by far the shortest and simplest of a series that has become notorious for its length and convolution. This book, however, is a fantastic gateway to THE DARK TOWER's universe. For those who are not sure if they would like the series, THE GUNSLINGER is relatively short and a good indicator of what's to come in the series; the reader doesn't have to worry about plodding through a 1000 page novel of a series they may not even like. Additionally, the book is short and sweet -- it leaves the reader desperately wanting more. THE GUNSLINGER is a Western/Fantasy that follows the eponymous character as he chases a mysterious man across a never ending desert. There's a lot going on here: gunslinging (as the title would suggest), alternate dimensions, magic (with a k!), dying universes, and forgotten kingdoms. Luckily, the whirlwind of ideas here serve to be interesting and not intimidating. The book is bookended with commentary by Stephen King which serves as fascinating look at his reflections 20+ years after publication. You might be surprised by how critical he is with THE GUNSLINGER. This book doesn't even come close to cracking Stephen King's top 10 novels (maybe not even his top 20), but it does serve as a fantastic introduction to a series that contains some incredible fiction. I would recommend this to fans of King, but also of George R.R. Martin, Orson Scott Card, and H.P. Lovecraft -- there's a lot to like here.
King's epic hero I've only read the first three of this series, because there was a huge gap between release dates that had me forgetting what the heck happened and left me wary of picking up book 4 until I'd refreshed my memory. This is the tale of the Gunslinger and various associated characters who inhabit alternate worlds. This beginning of the series only vaguely clues you in on how BIG this is going to get . . . but you can really feel it building. King is a master at story-building, and this series is one of the triumphs of his career.
A great read that will leave you hungry for more It is a book that will leave you with many questions and a love for the main character. The passion he has for his quest is inspiring. It is a short novel that can quickly draw you in. A bit hard to follow at first but once you are immersed in his world it becomes an addiction and you feel you must read the next page. Stephan King, (A personal hero of mine) does a wonderful job at setting this new world for you as you follow Roland on his quest.
Super-spiritual sci-fi speculations, nice start As the first book in a series, it's expected, as short as it is, to just be the introductory book for the main character, in this case, the mysterious anti-hero, Roland. And what a strange character he is. We meet him when he gets to a ramshackle of a rundown place run by a small down-timer by the name of Brown (no relation to yours truly, obviously), who listens to his story of how he came to this point in time to this very place, or rather, the town where he came from. Not his birthtown, just his last resting place. And the tragedy that played out there. In that story we learn of his unique ability with guns... and eventually, how his ability can be a curse, not only a cure. From that story, we also meet a young boy, Jake, who has memories of a mythical place without a name (though it's obvious where), and a time that, according to Roland, is nothing but myth. And on to the journey to catch up to the mysterious man in black. I saw it interesting as to how there were two main villains in the story, the first being in Roland's first story, Sylvia Pittston, a hyper-religious woman, described as HUGE... yet lustfully voluptuous, who can command an entire town as the town's only preacher (and if you know the Bible well enough, you can tell she twists one of the story's play-out incorrectly, making her a false preacher that can command masses to do tragic things). Who's also with child, good thing it's not Roland's. The other, the man in black, always seems to be a step or a mile haed of Roland... then Roland and Jake. Until the right time, that being HIS right time. Then you read something scientifically valid as well as Biblically sound- about how there are mysteries to this universe that no one can truly understand, no matter how much they study it. And then, in the end, a strange little twist that will continue into the next story. So, what flaws were there to earn the 3/5? First, some of the descriptions were rather rough reading, so I felt that I had to force myself to read all the way through them, then that struggle ended when I got to the last chapter (there's only six). The other flaw being the typos. If there's just a few of them, it doesn't really bother me. But if there's quite a load of them or if they actually interfere with the storytelling, then it agitates me. In this case, there loads f typos (stopped trying to count when I got to ten barefly after the first half), and a couple of them did end up interfering with the story, which never fails to get me undone. Nevertheless, great story with an interesting metaphorical AND metaphysical concept, genre-bending/blending, and unique and unusual characters. Some much more memorable than others.
Talk about a cliffhanger! The dark tower series is a series of cliffhangers. With no real direction and a scanty outline Stephen can not paint himself into a corner. As with any dream (nightmare) you just change the rules if you get stuck with some logic. And this is what it is, just one long dream. It has all the elements of Stephen King including his potty mouth. Do not try to compare this loosely jointed series of encounters with works such as of J.R.R. Tolkien, Robert Jordan, and George Lucas, as they have no resemblance to the Joseph Campbell myth of someone challenged to become more than they are. This animal is in its own purely fantasy (don't look for depth) project. I say project because it is ongoing with out a clear stopping point in mind. If you look at it this way then it can be a "five star" in its category. "The Gunslinger" is over before it gets started no time to form an opinion. "The Drawing of the Three" twice as long as the previous, leaves you with a dislike for lobster. "The Waste Lands" twice as long as the previous, leave you with a dislike for Amtrak. By now you have no opinion, dislike eating lobster on Amtrak, and can not wait for the next installment (Wizard and glass.)
I enjoyed the first book of this series I enjoyed the first book of this series. It sort of dragged sometimes but it also brought up questions I hope are answered in later books. Like who is so and so and why is he doing that. I guess foundations are boring to look at but are necessary for a great structure. I recommend this book.
Must have! I have read the entire set and repurchased the first three as a gift for my son. I think I'll borrow them back whe he's done and reread them! They came quickly, and packaged so that I could wrap them up and put them underneath the tree in plenty o f time for Christmas.
Not the Best of the Series, but Still Magnificent With "The Gunslinger," Stephen King set out on one of the greatest epic journeys of modern literature. Each subsequent novel in The Dark Tower series picks up right where the last one left off, meaning that The Dark Tower is not really a series at all, but one monstrous novel. Upon its completion, with the publication of DT7 in 2004, I think King will have engineered one of the greatest achievements of our time. "The Gunslinger," even in its new, revised form, is the weakest book in the series if you're talking about the style and diction. But keep in mind, he wrote most of the novel when he was 19. Could you have written this well as a teenager? I couldn't have. And the plot of the novel more than makes up for the style. If you are not intrigued by Roland, the last gunslinger of Gilead, you are one seriously unimaginative person. In any case, if you are a little put off by the rough style of this novel, keep on reading. Each book in the series gets better than the one before it, and the excitement and suspense builds as Roland his band of pilgrims draw ever closer to the Tower. Hamlet, Jay Gatsby, Holden Caulfield, Atticus Finch, Aragorn, Hannibal Lecter. They are among the greatest characters in literature, and someday Roland Deschain will rightfully hold a place among them.
That's It...I'm Trapped! (Confessions of a New DT Junkie) I found a copy of this book at a local thrift shop. I plopped down my thirty-seven cents, opened it to the first page and damnit if King didn't get me! Now here I am, I have all seven books (I even have the Donald Grant Artist editions of the last three books) and I'm hopelessly addicted to Roland Deschain and the wonders of Mid-World. I have to new edition of the Gunslinger and I do intend of reading it some day (but not until I finish all seven) and I do think that the first version definitely had some slow parts to it. But when King gets to the action, strap yourself in and hold on tight! Originally, I thought the idea of a pseudo-western set on another world ludicrous. But once again, I underestimated King's skills as a storyteller and writer. I will not make the same mistake again. His imagination propels Roland on his mysterious quest. If you've read the Gunslinger, then you already know. But if you haven't embarked on the journey, I strongly urge you do so. I'm sure you won't regret it.
Page Turner Though being vague at points(like most fantasy novels begin, not having any real background story), this novel definitely keeps you turning the pages, hoping for answers. The novel is well paced, and has many emotional moments within. Highly recommended.
WOW - IF YOU READ TO ESCAPE THEN THIS IS THE BOOK FOR YOU This is by far one of the best books that i have ever read. I am a big King fan, yet you don't have to be a King fan to appreciate this novel. It is quite different from most of his others. What is very intriguing about this book is that one is not sure where it is set. It is set in a time when the world has moved on which would lead one to believe that it is futuristic, however at the same time the setting could be considered both medieval and western. In this novel we get our 1st glimpse of Roland one of King's most notorious characters. Roland is in search of the Dark Tower which is basically the center of all worlds. Due to his search Roland has hardened, he has made many sacrifices for the tower. The tower and his guns being perhaps the only thing that Roland loves. Everyone that i have ever recommended this book to has loved it and i am sure that you will too. King will not be remembered as a great writer, but he will be remembered as one of the best storytellers of alltime. Read this book, it is a must.
One of the best books ever One of the best books of all time. This whole series is still at the top of my favorites and is right up there with the Game of Thrones, Discovery of Witches, Shannara, Mayfair Witches and Outlander series. I have a lot of books I love because I read a lot (probably somewhere close to 100+ books a year since about I was 13, which is when I first picked up this book). So I have read close to 20,000 books and Roland the gunslinger still feels like an old friend. This is a must read for any book lover and especially epic fantasy lovers.
Even Better the Second Time King is truly a brilliant author. This is my second trip to the Dark Tower, and I now see much of the hidden meaning and symbolism King has left for us to unfold. This series keeps the reader enthralled until the very end.
Impressive way to start a series. After considering reading the series for years I finally gave in. This book seemed focused on setting up the series and plot twists to come. Because of this it wasn't the most exciting of King's books. With that said, it does an excellent job of opening many doors and making you consider the epic (literally) possibilities of what may come. I look forward reading the rest of the series, and for now I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a unique and interesting new story.
A new twist to Stephen King. The Gunslinger is different from many of King's other works, but at the same time, it encompasses everything else he has written. It is best described as a western with a sci-fi twist. Roland is certainly one of the most complex characters King has written and he has many facets that are not discovered until later books in the series. Once you have read all 4 of the books in this series, you will find yourself re-reading other books just to pick up on the connection to the Dark Tower series. Insomnia, Hearts in Atlantis, The Talisman, The Black House, Salem's Lot, and The Eye of the Dragon as well as The Stand are all directly connected to the Dark Tower series in quite obvious ways, but everything else King has written is encompassed in the world we come to know in the series. If you don't read anything else written by King, you should read this series. It doesn't contain the horror so obvious in most of his other works, but you won't be sorry to have spent time on these books.
A Great Work And Introduction Into the DT Realm... This book is often underrated as the bad egg of the Dark Tower series, but it is probably the best introduction one can imagine into a world so unlike (and at the same time eerily similar) our own. It is very apparent in this book that Stephen King had no idea what would become of the series, especially after you've read the later DT books, but it is still masterful. The storyline is straightforward and the characters are defined. Even Sheb, the pianist who briefly comes into the story, is memorable. The whole book has an underlying sense of this: The Gunslinger good, Man In Black bad. Don't mistake it as simple, however, as it is not. The Gunslinger may be good, but he is not perfect. He betrays his young friend, Jake, and allows him to fall to his death. Jake's last words "Go then, there are other worlds than these." still remain rooted in me as memorable. This book is truly a masterpiece. Read it, then the rest of the series.
The Gunslinger Stephen King is a divine author. The weaver of your most horrifying nightmares, turning them into novels that make your very eyes bleed. The Gunslinger, along with Stephen King's IT, were,in my opinion, his best and most intriguing novels he has ever written. The Gunslinger forms its amazingly twisted plot around Gilead, the last Gunslinger. This Man has amazing skills with his dual revolvers, so much skill that an entire village lies at his feet within seconds. Gilead is in pursuit of the Man in Black, a mysterious figure that lurks in the area. Gilead, on his way, finds a young woman named Alice, and a young New Yorker boy named Jake, to whom he develops a stangely fond attachment to. This novel is read in the third person, with some flashbacks and poetic moments. It is a very mature read, involving strong violence, some language and brief adult content. The book itself is a great, exciting novel that will provide hours and hours of haunt and action. I highly reccomend it.
Beautifuly sad I loved this book. I originaly started with the fourth volume of this series (it was a gift from my dad, and he hadn't noticed that it was a series until I told him...) and I instantly fell in love with Roland's dying world. Since I couldn't understand much of the story, I decided to start it from the begining. I wanted to know more about Roland of Gilead and his group of companions... I found the first novel a bit dry at the begining (very understandable), but it got easier to read once I got started. I litteraly devoured it (I usualy don't read fast) and finished it within a week, which is a record for me. I just love the way King describes this cruel, dying and magical world in such a crude and beautiful way. I didn't learn much about the gunsligner's quest, but I SO wanted to read the other two books, and definitely re-read the fourth. I recommend this book, and this series, to anyone who isn't scared of falling in love with loneliness, fear, death, and their beauty.
The world has moved on Stephen King's "The Gunslinger." How the world must move on in order to survive Stephen King's "The Gunslinger" is set in a world that is virtually a broken mirror reflection of our own. Here, the last of the world's great heroes, Roland of Gilead, chases his biggest villain, Marten Broadcloak through the desert that seemed endless. This world is littered with shadows of a world that used to be, machines of an age even before Roland's own birth that no one no longer knows how to use. So, Roland chases his nemesis through this world that is falling apart, piece by piece. He stops occasionally, interacting with locals and refilling his supplies, but the intense drive to catch this criminal always remains intact, at the forefront of his mind. He is a single minded machine of his upbringing, killing when necessary and deadly when called to arms. Roland of Gilead provides the reader a hero to side with, though later in the story his worthiness of being the good guy comes into question quite sharply. As Roland moves through this world, he notes the significant changes around him, how even the earth itself seemed to be dying. Crops no longer grew, people no longer procreated and raised healthy young children, and the animals seemed to just be hanging on by a whisper. His own mule died while he was dining with a desert hermit and the man's crow ate the eyes from the dead mule. Death seemed to be the only release from the torment of a dying world. He meets a young boy that died in his own world only to awaken in Roland's, only to sacrifice this young son for the chance to achieve his ultimate passion, to reach the Dark Tower and perhaps, save the world from dying completely. The story shows many religious and political implications, from the man in black crossing the desert running from the last gunslinger, to the sacrifice of the "Son" for the greater good by Roland himself. This story was written in King's youth, just after a time of social upheaval and change within the United States. The world lost a great man, people gained equality unknown previously, and society seemed on the edge of an ultimate show down between the world's nuclear powers. The main message that started this saga was that the world could no longer go on as it always had, ignoring the needs of the needy, suppressing the people not in agreement with the social norm, and blatantly segregating segments of the population because of race, color, or national origin. The world must "move on" in order to achieve the ultimate goal for equality and fair treatment for all. If it did not "move on" the world was surely on the path of destruction, as it was pictured in the post-Apocalyptic world in which Roland traveled. President John F. Kennedy, in my opinion, was the inspiration for the Roland, combined with the ideal movie "gunslinger" like Clint Eastwood portrayed for many years. (See the movie "Hang'em High" for an example.) His valiant struggle for equality for all Americans, combined with his steely handling of the world wide issues from Cuba to Russia gave him the title according to Time's Magazine as "The world's last gunslinger." Works Cited: King, Stephen 1982, 2003, The Gunslinger, Penguin Putnam Inc.
This is one of the best series i have ever read This is one of the best series i have ever read. I love these books. Wizard and Glass is one of the best books Stephen King has ever written. you can not go wrong with this one. some say they get bored with the first book and don't finish. Please get to the second book and you simply will not turn back. The first is more of a western, but by the end it all makes sense, sort of. Highly Recommend!!
King's best This collection of four related stories of Roland of Gilead was originally sketched out by King long before he achieved fame, notoriety, and wealth, as the start of a mammoth opus that is nowhere near completion. Its grandiose vision, combined with its modest initial scope, betrays the vaulting youthful ambition of the author, yet these four small stories stand out from the rest of King's work for their haunting and poetic character. The combination of vision and craftsmanship in these tales is unequalled in any of King's later work. The three (so far) sequels to The Gunslinger attempt to flesh out King's vast vision, leading to literary bloat. Sometimes what is indicated but left unsaid is far more powerful than what is fully explained. The whole story will be worth reading if you have a few months to give to it, but The Gunslinger will only take a couple of hours and will reward you with one of the few true masterpieces of postmodern imaginative fiction.
The beginning of the best saga in years The Gunslinger is the first book of a saga you'll enjoy until the end. Roland, the last gunslinger in that world, tries to catch the Man in Black, a figure we won't learn about it until the end. During his travel in the desert, he finds Jake, a boy that dies in our world and is pulled strangely into Roland's. The circumstances of Jake's death and why he is part of Roland's "ka" aren't very clear in this first book. With the reading of the Man in Black's Tarot cards, we learn briefly and a little confusing about Roland's future in his quest for a Dark Tower. About the Tower we get little, if almost no information in this first book about what it is and why Roland wants to find it. The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger, is a complete novel in itself, it doesn't have events unatended, even though, the situation is just beginning, and the reading of the next books of the saga is a must for those that enjoy this first book. (Bianca M. Bonilla
The Gunslinger I have not read any of the other books in the series but after reading this first volume, I hunger for more. The story's beginning drags on at an almost agonizing pace, testing the reader and revealing few clues concerning the import of Roland's quest. His meeting with the dweller and foray into Tull cement mid-world's morbid atmosphere and Roland's grit but leave the reader grasping for context. Yet, as the narrative and Roland's backstory unfolds I was drawn into the mythology. I agree with other reviewers that Jake was a flat character and indeed his last lines belie a complexity he had previously failed to embody. But for their patience, readers are rewarded with a satisfying dialogue between the gunslinger and the man in black with the tease of even greater truths to come (for who knows how many lies MIB had woven with truth). My favorite reviews reveal little but give a taste of what the reader should expect. My advice, read on.
The beginning to one of the best series I've ever read The beginning to one of the best series I've ever read. Written across most of King's career, the story evolves along with the reader and society. As society has changed, the characters and settings in the series change. If you are a fan of King, you HAVE to read this. Even if you are not, but you enjoy a well told story with twists, triumph, heart-wrenching tragedy, and a page-turning plot, don't miss it.
"The Gunslinger" makes you want to read more. Eerie, imaginative, and vivid all describe "The Gunslinger and the Dark Tower". This book is the first part of the "Dark Tower" series of books by Stephen King. This book is about the gunslinger, whose real name is Roland, and his quest across a desolate land. This land is a twisted mirror or our own. He walks through the desert in the pursuit of answers to many questions he has. These answers are held by the man in black. In his pursuit he has a romance with a woman named Alice, who lives in Tull, a town in the middle of the desert. He also adopts Jake, a boy from Earth, as his son. This book makes you want to read it until the end. Even in the end it leaves many questions unanswered. I actually want to read the next book in the series, which is the first time a book has made me want to read another book. This is why I believe this book is great, because it leaves you wanting more.
Best King ever It has been a very long time since I sat down with a Stephen King book. The last book of his that I had read where the Bachman Books which I thoroughly enjoyed. I was never a big fan of his wordy drawn out descriptions of objects, people and scenery. A friend of mine kept bugging me to read the Gunslinger. He said that it was nothing like any of Kings work I had ever read. He was right. This is definitely Kings masterpiece. From cover to cover you are emerged in the story. It took me 2 days to read the entire thing. Since then I have read the Drawing of the Three, which is a little slower than the Gunslinger but still great. Tonight I will begin my journey through the wastelands. If you are looking for a book to just casually read this is not for you. However if you are looking to start an adventure that you will never forget I suggest picking up this book. The man in black fled across the desert and I followed.
Gunslingers and Wizards I love spaghetti westerns and this is one of my favorite western stories. Technically I guess it's not a western though since the story is set in a different world. The story revolves around a Clint Eastwood like hero named Roland, with amazing gunfighting skills, on a quest through Midworld to find a man in black. In his search for the man in black, the gunslinger must face multiple foes like daemons, mutants, and some decisions that leave a haunting affect on the gunslinger. The Gunslinger is the first book in an 8 book series with a pretty unique story and multiple references to previous Stephen King books. This book was one of my favorites in the series, mostly because it had the most western-like story. I really enjoyed the whole series though, and Song of Susannah was the only one I didn't think was really that great. The series is a nice western-fantasy combination.
Excellent Read, but don't start here! When I first ventured in to the realm of Roland of Gilead, it was thanks to an audiobook I received from my cousin at Christmas time. When I learned the title, I can, without any shame, say that I was less than enthused. That book was, The Drawing of The Three, the second book in this amazing masterpiece of American literature. From just the "Argument" section of DOTD, I was hooked. Upon completing the book, I was desperate to know more about the mysterious Roland: where he came from, what made him so driven? I immediately procured "The Gunslinger" and must say I enjoyed it thoroughly. It does answer many questions, but in typical Stephen King fashion, leaves many more to be answered. I guess the point I'm trying to make is that I believe DOTD is the place to start. Begin there, get sucked in to this amazing world, then backtrack and read the Gunslinger. All hale the King!
It is disgusting! It has some weird brown stuff all over ... This review is not for the actual book but the product. It is disgusting! It has some weird brown stuff all over the cover with freaking feathers stuck to it! Not only that but the cover had been folded in half repeatedly and was about to fall apart. I got this book as a present and was entirely disappointed. And I understand that with a used book there is going to be some wear but is gross. Too cheap to send back so just going to grow away
It's the beginning of a fascinating tale. Stephen King embarks in a very long tale that only begins in this book and is supposed to take 5 or 6 other books to finish. Reading this book you have to understand that it is merely the beginning, and yet it is a very good book in itself. In "The Gunslinger" you enter the life of the last gunslinger in a world that has "moved on", in his quest for the "Dark Tower" which in my opinion symbolizes the domain of the universe, some form of heaven. In this first book the gunslinger follows the man in black, who is his enemy. It takes you a while to understand and identify yourself with the gunslinger's world, but when you do, you can't get enough of it. I recommend it if you are planning on reading the others that follow. I am currently reading the third (The Waste Lands), and I have to say that you really get hooked when you are reading the second book
Storytelling at its best Oh my God, the storytelling is awesome!!!! The setting serves as a painting of conflict. The characters, good-bad-ugly-main-small, are distinctive and vivid. The tension in the chase holds throughout the whole novel so that each page demands to be turned and read.
Excellent I had read it when it first released but dropped the series after 4 because it was taking too long. Since it is now finished I thought I would give it a second whirl. Well worth it after one, now to the next.
One Of The Best Books I've Read In A While When I needed a book, to do for an English class, I turned to Stephen King. The cover and title intirgued me enough to pick it up, and needless to say, the book was awesome. What makes the book lose points is the ending and the time jumps. King tries to use the jumps between the main plot and Roland's childhood to try to explain the action, but i found the jumps were confusing and kinda pointless, but maybe im wrong. The ending although it ends the first book of the series is kinda weak in my eyes, but otherwise the book is a great read. The storng point of the book is that it always seems to pull your atention back into the plot, by illustrating Roland's confrontations and his need for his trusty Revolvers. Finally, I felt that this was a good opening book in a series becuase it leaves so many anwsers unanswered that your almost obligated to continue.
An excellent start to a good series Presently, I am half way through the Dark Tower series having just finished up Wizard and Glass. Out of the four books of the series I have read thus far, book one: The Gunslinger remains my favorite. Stephen King does a fine job in laying out the chase between the Gunslinger and the Man in Black. After reading the book I wanted to know much more about the Man in Black (and four books in I still don't know a whole lot), I was a fan of the Gunslinger (and remain so four books later), but I was confused by just what the purpose of the boy Jake was other than to create a sympathetic character (he turns out to be very important in the coming books). The book is a quick read, not overly complex but not simplistic either. A solid thumbs up book. By the end of it you will know whether or not you want to continue the series. I couldn't wait for the next book.
A good read I love this book it doesn't drag for me. At the same time it's not the best book I've ever read or the most well written, but it captivates me personally. You might find it harder for you to read but it is WORTH IT. the rest of the series is phenomenal so please whatever you do, do not stop here.
A Great Start The Gunslinger is an odd novel. It mixes a lot of genres, including: Western, Science fiction, Romance, Mystery and Suspence, and Adventure. If any other author attempted a book like this, it would probably be a dud. But Stephen King writes it perfectly. This story is told from the POV of Roland Deschain, a gunslinger from a long dead city known as Gilead. He is chasing The Man in Black. Along the way he meets Jake, a young teenager from our world. This story takes plce both in realtime and flashbacks. King makes you love both stories, where as in other stories you usally like just one. There are five parts to this story: The Gunslinger, The Way Station, The Orcale and the Mountains, The Slow Mutants, and The Gunslinger and The Man in Black. This was originally published in 5 parts over severel months. I loved the characters in this book, especially The Man in Black and Roland Deschain. I warn you: There is a sort of cliffhanger in this book so be readty and have the second book ready for reading.
Get into the series before you judge it.... This is a necessary introduction to the Dark Tower series, arguably Stephen King's greatest contribution to fantasy. It's not truly a stand alone book. Therefore, you're not going to have complete understanding of where this is going until you get there. Therefore, the best way to read it is to just experience it. Roland in this book is best pictured as a western gunslinger, but we do learn that isn't his origin. Nor do we know for sure exactly where all this is occuring. A significant scene has Roland asking Mr. Brown whether he believes in an afterlife, and Mr. Brown answers that he thinks this is it. This opening volume takes us with Roland in his pursuit of the Man In Black. Don't expect to find out just who this personage is. Just go with the trip and then grab the next volume. Trust me, you'll be glad you did.
King at his polished best I have always loved Stephen King's between-worlds books (The Talisman, Black House, Needful Things), but the Dark Tower series is Mister King at this best! Roland will have you rooting him on through each adventure, though he is written as a realistic hero with human flaws that can make you slightly disturbed by his decisions. The villians will have you cheering at their demise, or desiring their end when escaping due to their pure-evil outlook on life. The supporting cast of characters will have you wanting them to learn more from Roland, while retaining their own values as they become driven to reach the end of this adventure. Overall, an amazing series of books that may seem excessively long, but with so much content to share it is well worth the detailed descriptions provided by King to keep you visually on target where the story is going.
amazing The first volume of a 7 volume series in which we meet the man Roland, who is on a quest to find the ever elusive Dark Tower. In the first volume we get to know who Roland is and what he is about. We get to know what kind of person he is. We also meet Jake another character that plays a major part in this story to find the Dark Tower, although he doesn't play a major role until the second volume. In this volume you also get to meet the Man-in-Black, who the Gunslinger Roland is chasing. This book is a very imaginative and mystifying book. In which you get to know the characters in more of an intimate matter through their actions and thoughts than most other books of the genre, a definate plus. This volume of The Dark Tower series is an excellent starting point in the adventure of Roland and his companions to find the Dark Tower.
A bit weird at times The first time I read The Gunslinger I was 14 or 15 and I thought: what a weird book is this ?!? Granted, it's set in a weird world, but I think I was also a little too young to understand it all. I re-read it a number of times now and I really love it. The atmosphere is a bit different from the books that follow, because Roland is alone most of the time. And then there is that episode with Jack... It's a dark book on the whole, but, like I said, really good. So if you're looking for feel-good book, don't read this one. The Dark Tower series is an absolute masterpiece, which took Stephen King more than 20 years to finish. And you can't compare it to any of this other work. So if you're reluctant to start these books, because you're not a big thriller-Stepehen King fan: these books are nothing like the others he writes...
King when there are no limits on reality King is far more than a popular author. Someday we will concede, although his material is often disturbing, this author is a literary giant. This is the first volume in his fantasy opus, the Dark Tower series, which is worth the time. It is literature without much education, which is hard to do. But if readers like spell binding prose, much of which is artful, they will like this volume. Probably the best in the series.
King's best work The introduction into the odd world of the story's main character Roland is quite possibly King's finest work. Moving away from his norm of fright/horror, this book takes place in a world in which the world's last gunslinger travels across a rapidly dying world in search of The Dark Tower, a mysterious unexplained destination. However, in this world we see signs that it was at one time the same world as our own (or at least very similar). What makes this book the most interesting is not what it tells you, but what it doesn't tell you. It allows the reader to make their own theories as to what has happened to the world, what is happening, what will happen. The Gunslinger (and the books that follow it in the Dark Tower Series) is one of the best works from this modern writer and is definately worthy of your collection.
Enter a world like no other... I don't like Stephen King's novels. I find them dull, wordy and they are some of the only books I can't finish. Then I came across The Gunslinger. It is a book of magic, of another world, of pure and unadulteraded genius. This is the series Stephen King was born to write. From the first sentence you are drawn into the world of the Gunslinger. And you don't escape until you reach the end of the book. I couldn't put this book down and when I finished I read it all over again. I'm not going to go into a long description of the book, I wouldn't do it justice. You have to read this one for yourself. Enter the world of imagination, and from what I gather if you are a King fan, you may recognise some of the characters. The only critisism I have is when is the author going to give us the next book in the series?? I can't wait.
It took a while to get into, but becomes a great read I had heard great things about the "Dark Tower" series and finally decided to go ahead and give it a shot. This first book, "The Gunslinger" sets the tone rather well for the series, but is really unlike any other Stephen King book. It was a bit difficult to get "into" until after halfway through it (which didn't take long; it's a fairly short book). Once you get past the halfway mark, the story really gets going. Prior to that, all the "set-up" of following the Gunslinger on his quest to find the "Man in Black" is just...weird...for lack of a better description (even for the Stephen King world). The story is a good one, though. It's hard to describe without giving away some good tidbits of the Gunslinger's tale, but I recommend getting through this one. The others become REALLY engrossing from that point forward.
great story To say perhaps everything I need to say, I immediately want to read the next one. The gunslinger is a fascinating character through and through, and both he and the world King has placed him in is one I'm intrigued to see develop.
A bit disjointed, but ultimately a great book Admittedly, I felt lost on several occasions while reading this, the first book in the Dark Tower series. For me at least, that was most of the fun. Trying to figure out what this world of Roland Deshain's is, what happened that made it this way, and what the hell is the Dark Tower and this elusive Man in Black? There are some great moments in this story that shed some light on the proceedings, but just enough to wet your appetite. The last several pages alone were worth the read in my opinion. This novel/series may not be for everyone, and to those that have tried to get through this book and have stopped for one reason or another, the writing definitely takes a turn for the better in the subsequent books. Give the Dark Tower and The Gunslinger a try, you won't be disappointed, but if you are, then I apologize.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it... Most of the people on here read this book and assumed it was 'the first' Dark Tower book. However, this is a re-write of the original 'Gunslinger', expanded and adapted to accommodate the gargantuan bulk of the following novels in the series. The original Gunslinger was vastly different in terms of writing style, tone, and overall content. While basic elements remain the same, Stephen King has attempted to 'flesh out' this first installment in the series in order to help blend it with the rest. This is a shame, because the original book had a mystic, surreal tone to it and, as one review suggests, more of a concentration on the quest itself rather than the 'big fireworks ending' that the series itself eventually builds up to. Go buy the original Gunslinger, and read it for itself. Then, if you read the rest of the series, read this version of the Gunslinger after you finish The Dark Tower and decide you liked the stylistics of the post-Gunslinger Dark Tower stories.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways... I read this book when it came out, so I had a long wait to see how Roland might end his saga. Actually back in that day I wasn't all that convinced that King would finish this series. Although my faith was tested it was all good in the end, as King did finish this series. And what an ending!! Most of the time, when I tell a friend that I just finished a 7-book series, most will roll their eyes and wonder if all that was worth it. In this case I say YES. Unlike other series, this first book is compelling but not the best by far. Just read it and get through it. It may not make any sense now but its going to in the later books. Look forward to book two which has some of the most clever monsters and ideas that I've read from Stephen King in a long time. Exceptional in every way, read this book.
AMAZING Book! Addicting Series! Readers BEWARE! Once you start this series, you are never going to want to stop. Stephen King leaves you questioning everything and makes you so stubborn that you will not stop reading until you find the answer. I have never been so wrapped up in a series before in my life. I recommend all to read and get ready for this AMAZING adventure.
Don't read this book and give up on the series! I read this after a friend read it and loved it. I read it and thought it was mediocre at best. However, I refused to give up on the series and possibly miss out on a great saga, and I am very glad I didn't. After I read part II: The Drawing of the Three, I came to appreciate this book for what it is; a prologue of sorts, much like "The Hobbit" in the LoTR Trilogy. This book introduces you to Roland, and starts his massive quest for the Dark Tower. Each book in the series leave enough questions to keep you reading the series and wanting to understand everything. As the saga progresses, everything starts to add up and connect. That said, judging the series on a single one of the books would be a crime. I loved this, though it isn't his usual captivating horror. A masterpiece.
I love what I have read of this series I love what I have read of this series. I have read the first four books and then got away from it for too long, so am reading it all again to refresh my memory. Wish the whole series was out then. I might have finished it all and not had to reread it. I was so captivated in it. Great story and great adventure
Just didn't like it! What does this weird story have to ... Just didn't like it! What does this weird story have to do with Gunslingers? Can't believe this series would be King's Magnum Opus . Just makes no sense whatever to me,. just too unbelievable. Brady Hartfield in 'End of Watch' is weird but more plausible and interesting. The Gunslinger is not a good name for this book...I don't know what is. The 'Man in Black' is not a serious character, as aren't the others on the way. Just my opinion. If it hadn't be a short read, I would have put it down!
Rather strange This is a rather strange book. It's somewhat confusing to begin with. The universe mirrors our own in many ways, but in others is so completely different. Little is explained this early on, so uncertainty and confusion are quite prominent. However, it is a very well written book, and has a good pace. It picks up toward the end, and it holds a wonderful and eerie dream-like quality, making the reading of it seem just as if you were asleep. The ending is better than the beginning, but i think that is probably only just because, as we get more familiar with the world and the characters, it becomes easier to fathom out. I am quite looking forward to the next novel in the series, if just to get a few explanations, and to see where he is taking Roland the Gunslinger next.
On The Road With The Gunslinger Stephen King is one of those authors I've loved since I was a young teen (I even visited his house during one summer vacation.) However, being a young teen with a short attention span - and King having the tendency to pen some rather thick tomes - I never finished any King novel I started. Pet Cemetery; Gerald's Game; It. I even wrote an 11 page book report on Cujo my freshman year... having not read the entire thing. So King and I go way back, sorta. We've shared some good, albeit truncated, times. Well, I have finally got around to finishing my first King novel; the trick was apparently that I needed an audio book. The Gunslinger introduces us to Roland Deschain, the titular Gunslinger, as he traverses a barren desert in search of Man in Black, a shrouded and intriguing antagonist with God-like abilities to possess the minds of people and even raise the dead. Along the way, Roland meets a young boy, Jake Chambers, whose strange past causes Roland to think heavily about the world he lives in, and whose companionship is just another woeful test set forth by the torturous Man in Black. The Gunslinger is a somewhat disjointed narrative - a Fear-and-Loathing-esque head-trip - one that jumps from present to flashback to alternated reality. But for me this form does a good job at putting us in Roland's own disoriented mind. King's description are spot on without being insensate wordy and his characterization is excellent. All in all I can say that I thoroughly enjoyed my trek through Mid-World, and narrator George Guidall was a fitting and entertaining companion. I look forward to continuing the journey.
All of my friends had strongly recommended it. Unfortunately I decided to read this as I ran out of all my other high fantasy series. All of my friends had strongly recommended it. Unfortunately, I just could not get into this book. It was a slog and I cannot stand Stephen King's writing. I am finishing up book 2 now and wondering how/if I am going to bother reading anymore of them.
Great Book This really was a great read. It was the first book I've read by King, and I was not disapointed. The Gunslinger is definetly the type of book that picks up as it goes along. While some sections in the beggining drag a little (hence my only giving it 4 Stars), once the book gets rolling it becomes a fun and exciting read. The charecters are great, and King's prose doesn't disapoint. Roland's journey through this distopian world is riveting. I think that the best compliment that I can give this book is that it made me (imediately) want to go out and get Book 2. The book ends not with an ending, but with a beggining, and I can think of few readers who would not be compelled to want to continue on in this great series.
First Book in the Dark Tower Series "The Gunslinger" was one of the first books I ever read by Stephen King (sometime in the early 90s), and even though it's not one of my favorites, it's still worth reading if you like King's fantasy novels. It takes place in another world where Roland, the gunslinger, pursues The Man in Black across dry, dangerous terrain, entering town after town and stumbling across various characters who will ultimately lead him to a mortal battle with The Man in Black. This series/book isn't like King's typical horror fare (i.e., "Cujo" or "Carrie"); it has more of a western/sci-fi feel to it. That's probably why I didn't like it as much. But if you're into this type of genre, then you'll more than likely enjoy the Dark Tower series--"The Gunslinger" (#1), "The Drawing of the Three" (#2), "The Waste Lands" (#3), and "Wizard and Glass" (#4).
I had hoped for more I found it slightly confusing. I have read many Stephen King novels and he ranks as one of my favourite authors. Not having read any of the Dark Tower series I decided to start. To be honest it did not do a lot for me but I will read the next in the series to see if perhaps you need to continue to really get a feel for the storyline.
Gunslinger Review SPOILERS: The Gunslinger tells the tale of a lone man travelling across a barren landscape, chasing a "man in black". The story does not offer any motivation or background for the journey; simply that the gunslinger has placed a duty upon himself. On his journey (initially through a desert, he spends a few days in a quiet town called Tull. In order to get out, he has to shoot and kill every single resident, because they go slightly crazy. Later on in the journey, he stumbles upon an abandoned boy and reluctantly takes him under his wing. Together they chase the man in black, and eventually see him in the mountains. They follow him down a dark tunnel, and after many days, reach the end. The boy falls to his death and the gunslinger talks with the man and black about the future and the nature of the universe. Overall, the plot was entertaining and exciting, albeit one-dimensional. Furthermore, due to the fact that it is the beginning of a seven-book series, many phenomena and issues raised in the book were not answered or addressed, which could make it difficult to read as a stand alone book. One theme present in the story was the theme of solitude. Roland, the main character, is continually referred to as "the last gunslinger", emphasizing his loneliness. Also, the book ends with the boy - whom Roland had started to grow close to - falling to his death, leaving the gunslinger alone once more. The themes in the book were very subtle, but they relayed a powerful message that was eerie and exciting at the same time.
Hooked I have found most of Stephen's books hard to get into, but once I do I am hooked. In this story Gunslinger Roland is searching for a mysterious Man in Black, who just might be able to help the Gunslinger find the Dark Tower. There are a lot of subtlety and vision into Roland's life that is intriguing, to say the least. Roland is a kind soul, but very capable of violence. There is a shootout in this story- that's not to say this is a western because it is far from it. But, who would have thought Hey Jude would be playing in a saloon. King is at his best at spinning yarns that stagger the imagination of the reader. He is truly a master when it comes to writing great tales. Hope you check out The Gunslinger. Jeannie Walker Award Winning Author of "Fighting the Devil" - A True Story of Consuming Passion, Deadly Poison, and Murder
Interesting for King Definitely an interesting piece by King. It's nice to see something outside of the horror genre that still holds glimpses into that horrific, twisted, wonderful mind of his :) I found the story a bit hard to follow at first and actually felt quite disoriented going into even the final quarter of the book. The imagery is amazing as always with King, but I found it hard to care about the characters in this book (which may be due to the main character's own detachment from them) but found at the end of this book that I definitely needed to follow the story line into the next book. I think if the ending hadn't been filled with so many questions that I may not have continued. Hopefully the following books will be of the 4 and 5 star variety.
The first step toward the tower This first book in the "Dark Tower" series is special. I believe it is the first book King ever wrote, (he wrote it in college on green paper) and this book is his finest work. As a reader, you are immediately taken in by Roland Deschain (the gunslinger) who is in search for the man in black. King's writing in this book is clean, straight forward, and to the point. I'm sure many King fans know how this author can get side-tracked into an abyss before returning to the true nature of the story. However, that is not the case in this book. The ending of this book introduces you to the philosophy of the series. In fact, the ending to this first book might be the most important aspect of the entire series. I'm sure that any reader will enjoy this book. It is a treat that will send you off on a quest for the tower. A quest that will end in the last book of the series.
The First in the Saga is a Worthy Introduction "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." Mention these words to a reader of King's Dark Tower saga and you will be able to see the effect that the Dark Tower has had on his or her life. The Gunslinger, the first in the series, pales in comparison to, but is a good indicator of, the quest a reader is embarking on when choosing to read the series. While most would agree that this is one of the weaker volumes in the series, it is a great start and sets up the story to come. Definitely read this book. If you like it, continue on, but if you don't like it, do not judge the entire series based on this one. At least read the next book to make your decision on whether or not to continue with the series.
Second Time was the Charm my 1st attempt at The Gunslinger was on audio-tape @ work. I promptly began to nod off before the 1st tape was finished. I swore off the book. months went by, and desparation for ANY listening material led me back. i don't proclaim to know what had changed for me, but suddenly I found myself trudging the desert with Roland, eager to see where each step would take us. the entire Dark Tower series is a part of my world. i re-read it as a whole about every 1 1/2 years (and a part of me still thinks that maybe he will catch the boy after all.....). I recommend that king fans (and any avid readers) who may have struggled getting into the story to be patient. Put it away for a few weeks or so & then try it again.
Breathtaking in its scope and chaotic diversity. Roland of Gilead, although for this brief moment in time, we only know him as Roland...THE LAST GUNSLINGER. A chilling, haunting, and far reaching work in its scope...THE GUNSLINGER is a closely structured look into the psyche of one man. Neither Good nor Evil, Roland simply is...and so is The Dark Tower that haunts his dreams, and his life...and has so for an untold time. The imagery is stark...much like the destination of todays society. And the Man In Black. He is the ghost we all chase...in hopes that he can reveal to us our destiny. Highly provokative and the perfect beginning for Roland to impart to us the tale of his quest...and his one true desire. To find this damned citadel of ebony...and to wage his final battle...
The Gunslinger I am a huge fan of Stephen King, having read most of his stand alone novels however I was a little hesitant to start this series mainly because of reviews I have heard saying that it was slow, boring, confusing and not what they expected a Stephen King novel to be. I admit I knew very little about what this series was actually about, apart from it having a 'western' flavour, a gunslinger seeking a mysterious Dark Tower. I decided to give it a shot after Wind Through the Keyhole came out to judge for myself and I have to say that I loved every second I was reading it! While this book barely explains anything about Roland or his quest for the Dark Tower, the world that King has given us a taste of makes me very excited to continue my journey.
An end to the beginning... It was just as I remember reading it 10 years ago. I can't recommend this book enough for those who are ready to start their adventure...but be warned. As with any adventure, you will love and lose. I remember my dad telling me he cried at certain parts, and I know I will again. I am off, to be with Roland, in his quest for the Dark Tower.
if you enjoyed Lord of the Rings I am still trying to find the fifth star for this book. It takes a bit of time to get into it because everything might have been clear in the author's mind, but on paper one struggle a bit to get to what the Dark Tower really is and when it all started. However, if you enjoyed Lord of the Rings, this is the "series" for you - THe Dark Tower series!
The Dark Tower, The Gunslinger One of my co-workers introduced me to this series and all I can say is WOW!. I was totally sucked into this story as soon as I started reading it. I've read the first four books in a month!. Cannot put it down!
Buy all 8 books in the series. And any new ones that become available! While this version is a little different than the original, it's Stephen King. What more needs to be said? Buy the series, pour your favorite beverage, get comfy, call in sick and enjoy reading this fantastic story for a few weeks.
Completly different and amazing. It's perfect. If you read it you will love it. It will make you wonder about all the possibilities that our universe has to offer. I only hope the ending will be worthy of the most incredible idea that Mr. King has offered us , so far. It is a story so immense that I hope he doesn"t finish it for another ten years. It will be worth it.I have read almost all of King's books. Although there not all equally good. They are all great stories. I hate it when people criticize him. Most of the time they are speaking from positions of ignorance any way. They are people who obviuosly are not very good at reading to begin with because they cannot grasp the ideas that he presents. Read the Dark Tower. It's an expience you won't forget.
Number one with a Bullet! First time I bought this book I was amazed, because this didn't look like ordinary King-stuff. I was astounded by the great illustrations, too. I had a few occations of trying to get into the whole story, but the more I tried, the more I liked it. It was different King, and then again it wasn't, and I liked it a lot. It's strange, mystic, gothic and scary at many times. The world of the Gunslinger and his hunt for the Man in Black really enchanted me, and I couldn't put the book down. As I realized that this was the first book in a serie, I couldn't wait to get my hands in the others. But this Dark Tower 1 was my number one with a bullet, especially in a time where I only thought that King wrote downright horror.
Confusing, not his best While reading this book I kept having to go back a few pages to an entire chapter to see if I missed something. The story jumps around in such a way that it is difficult and sometimes impossible to figure out what has happened. The parts of the story I understood I liked, not loved. Apparently this book took some 13 years to write, and I think part of my problem following it was when the writer would set it down for a year or two then pick it up and start writing in a different way with a different idea of who the character was supposed to be. I could be wrong but that was the idea I got from reading this book. I heard my friend raving about how great this series is, I picked it up to see what she was talking about. After reading it front to back (and several chapters two or three times) I still have no idea what the fuss is about.
a great begging to an epic series To tell the truth I am not a huge king fan. I have tried to read a few of his books and just couldn't do it. Then one day a saw this book and thought that I might give it a try since it looked more like a fantasy novel than his usual horror novel. I had to read only about 10 pages in and I was hooked. I really like how he kept a lot of the stuff having to do with the tower a mystery. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because it seemed like I had read the first chapter in a mutch larger story. Anyway if you like or don't like King this is a good book and I will now begin to read the sequal. Great job mister King you truly have a lot of talent when it comes to writing storys.
Good, if you're into this sort of thing... I can respect and appreciate this book. I think it's a very well-written story, in that you feel very connected with the main character's stream of thought the entire time rather than a sequence of events or concrete emotions. It made for a creative way of story-telling that I found intriguing. That being said, I think that this was perhaps a bit too abstract for me. However, I do feel like the remaining books in the series would make it come a little more full-circle.
Great Book Really good book despite being really short. I hope the rest of the books are as good as this one. If you enjoy reading Stephen King then you got nothing to lose by starting your journey along with Roland.
The Start Of a Masterpiece The epic joureny begins with Roland the last gunslinger. You slowly find out about Rolands past and his obsession with the Dark Tower. As Roland hunts for the tower on his neverending quest. You find out just how determined Roland is when he has to make sacifice that will haunt him but still Roland continues for the tower. The Dark tower is one best series in modern literature. An Epic mix of horror fantasy in a western time. These are by far the best books by Stephen King. Set in world of extaordinary circumstances filled with stunning visual imagery. Once read you them you wont want to stop. One of the most orignal series ever written So join Roland's quest for THE DARK TOWER.
I was totally asorbed from the first few minutes of story As a new listener of Stephen King, I did not expect to be drawn into the story by the characters. Each character comes to life so completely that you feel as if you know what they are thinking and feeling personally. I had thought of King as a author of horror, but this and the other titles in the Dark Tower series are not scary but rather a saga of a man who is committed to his quest of finding the Dark Tower. Some of the events seem a little like fantsy, but yet there is so much the reader can relate to that it is not a total trip into the unbelivable. I would recommend the entire Dark Tower Series to anyone who wants to be absorbed for hours. A totally wonderful series!!!!
....the Gunslinger Followed. "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed". The Gunslinger is a quick introduction into the Dark Tower Series. I have read the series 3 times in 15 years, and plan to read it a couple more. Every time I read it I can't stop picturing Clint Eastwood, in one of his spaghetti westerns, as Roland. I love the way King can create a world, and make it seem so believable. Roland is the best hero / villain combined in one character I have ever found in a story. He does not let anything stand in the way of his relentless pursuit of the Man in Black. Although admittedly not the best book of the series, still very good, and necessary to complete the entire tale.
The second time around I have been reading Stephen King's works for a long time. I began the Dark Tower series when it first came out in paperback. I waited impatiently for the next book in the series to be published through the seventh and final book. Now I have decided to go back and reread all of the books again and purchase the hardcover editions to do it. I am amazed that the books are even more interesting now after the second reading. I can get into the story much deeper have the knowledge of where the characters will end up. And I see things I had either forgotten or didn't catch the first time. Stephen King is an amazing storyteller and I make sure I get everything he writes.
Everything leads up to this Nearly all of SKs books lead up to this series. From Pet Semetary to Insomnia, each of his books have been building up to this. This series is a definate must read and the twists and turns never stop until you close the last page. Literally.
Takes a few pages to get started. This one took a few pages to get started, but once it got going, it was tough to put this book down. This is definitley something different from the standard King novel. The main character is Roland of Gilead. The last of his breed of the once feared Gunslingers. From crossing the desert in search of "The Man In Black" to his shootout in a not so friendly town, this is the start of the best tale ever written. And the story isn't over yet. One of the first lines of the book is "The Man in Black crossed the desert. And the Gunslinger followed". Hopefully you will pick up this book and follow it's trail all the way to the end at the side of Roland.
Wow! For the longest I was looking around for a good book to read! I'm so used to non fiction and I wanted to change to fiction..I came across this book and let me tell you! Wow it is great! Diffrent but good! The words and language at some times had me thinking...but!! U get use to it. This first installment is great real good lots of action! It's fun all the way threw.the beging middle and end! If you want a good book then here you go dig in!
one of king's best books ever a very good fantasy with a western twist. the story starts out with a man named roland who is a gunslinger(a kind of knight meets cowboy in my opinion.)who is wandering through a desert looking for a notorious "man in black" who he believes will have the whereabouts of a place called the dark tower, that roland believes will have all the answers including the one of while the world has moved on without him. later roland befriends a kid named Jake who is from Earth. (note: roland is not from Earth but from another place.) and then thier adventure starts out after the dark man. i reccomend this to anyone who wants to read a great novel.
Outstanding This series of books are outstanding, absorbing, and surprisingly intellectual. The series is also very dark, much more so than I expected from the description on the back of the book, but King describes the moved on world with such poetic grace that one still wants to visit it. All in all one of the few literary masterpieces we have seen in the last few years, and will probably last for a long time into the future (although I think people 50 years from now will have a bit of trouble understanding the slang King loaded into "The Drawing of the Three"). King continues to surprise me by balancing his mediocre works with literary masterpieces.
The man in black fled across the desert... King draws you in to the alternate reality of Roland of Gilead by only hinting at the similarities and disparities between our worlds. There is clearly much that is left to know, but we are given a strong sense of the peril to Roland's world and, by association, our own. This short tale begins in the middle of Roland's quest to save the mythical Dark Tower from a danger we can only guess at, and leaves us as he begins the next stage of his journey. In between, we come to realize what the quest means to him through the sacrifices he is willing to make. For me, it's a masterful opening to a series that has all of us waiting anxiously for the continuation.
Intriguing! I first read this book when I was in high school around five years ago, when I borrowed it from a friend. I almost didn't give it back! Roland intrigued me, and the story just sucks you into the world that he lives in. You can't help but be drawn to the last gunslinger and his journey, the decisions that he had to make. Recently, as I was browsing at a book store, I saw these books again and-- I couldn't help it: I bought this and the next one right then and there. It made that big an impression on me. I'm not really a Stephen King reader -- he's talented but I never really was a fan. But this one-- the Dark Tower series will turn you into one.
Powerful Awesome start to the Darktower series, here we learn about Roland- the last gunslinger, learn a little of his past and get a glimpse into a dusty, dying world where time is skewed-different from our own, but what also seems connected to our own. We meet Jake, who is thrust into Rolands world from our world by the man in black, and learn of beings much more powerful than the man in black. Roland is shown a vision of his world and universe, and the possibility of infinite universes, his own place in time and space, and learns how his own world is dying. Its a mix of sci-fi, fantasy, and western with a touch of-or even underlying- romanticism.
malevolent! The gunslinger is the first of four awesome books. People who read it don't usually don't enjoy it and this saddens me too often. To my opinion this is the shortest yet the best written book of the series and one of the best books ever to be written. Whithin it lies a great mystery that opens a path to the Dark Tower. I feel that this book is very difficulr to read and grasp. To grasp it, one needs to be deeply inside the gunslinger's mind. Enjoying the series of books starts in enjoying "the gunslinger". Give it a thought before you give in and compensate by reading the second book (which is far less difficult to read).
Maybe the rest of his books are great, but not this one just too uninteresting and hard to follow. I read 20+ novels a year and thought I'd try reading one of Stephen King's books, because he lives locally. I toughed it out and forced my way to page 100, after which I thought "i'll never get that time back". Maybe the rest of his books are great, but not this one.
great reat! After getting up to date on the Kingkiller chronicles and the Demon Cycle series and after having already finished the WOT, Mistborn series and many other amazing fantasy novels I was hesitant of a fantasy series written by Stephen King but after reading the first book in the Dark tower series I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The book was well written, the characters were fun and the story thus far has me enthralled. I eagerly look forward to reading the rest of the series.
I'm hooked I had never heard of the Dark Tower series until I saw this one sitting on a store shelf. Having always been a King fan I picked up the paperback and decided to give it a try. From the very opening of the book I was hooked. Since then I've picked up The Gunslinger on hardcover and finished up to book four. If you're a fan of any epic story, this is a series for you. The Roland character lives up to every classic hero and even adds some twists. While at first it seemed that King "rambled" on here and there about things, I've found that his terse explanations have painted an incredibly vivid picture that won't go away.
Un hijo para King. De todos los libros que he leido de este autor esta saga es, sin lugar a dudas, la mejor. No posee ese suspenso y terror a bestias salvajes, demonios o zombies sino que tiene un terror a lo que tenemos adentro. Este libro muestra el interior de cada uno de los personajes sus odios, sus miedos, sus penas y sus amores. Una historia que comienza con un hombre solo y que pronto se convierte en una aventura de varios. Como bien dice el señor King esta obra es su hijo ya que el puso toda su dedicacion y mejor talento en el. La saga de la torre oscura es una saga para tener en todas las casas de los amantes del genero. Nicolas Pierri.
One of King's Best I do like King, although some of my friends call his works a literary slum, and I think that The Gunslinger may be one of his more important works. The choices that must be made by the hero, Rolland, are exaggerated examples of those that we must all deal with. Do we pursue our dreams at all costs or lie broken and admit defeat? The fantasy of the story only adds to its charm. The way that King has mixed the legend of the Old West Gunslinger with sorcery and magic is interesting, involving, and elegant. This is perfect for those that do not want to dig too deep for meaning, but, at the same time, do not want a meaningless read.
The beginning is important Though the criticisms I have seen on this book are not entirely innacurate, there is something that everyone thus far has overlooked. Even though the pace of this book is not near that of the others, this book offers insight into what the Roland of "today" is. Without this book, there would be no meaning to Roland's insanity in The Wastelands, and also no measure of how much Roland changes throughout the series...So in that light, I think that this is one of the most functional and important books in the series. DO NOT try to read the series without this book...The rest lose a LOT of meaning without it.
I almost forgot how much I love this So many poignant quotes. I love Roland, and his constant internal struggle. The man in black is always laughing in his face. I am ready to start the next one. I am looking forward to retreading the entire series.
King's best? The reason this is one of my favorite books of all time has nothing to do with the science fiction or fantasy aspects of it, or the writing itself, which is terrific, but because it's so un-King like. At its root, it's about the yearning inside every man to conquer something seemingly unconquerable, a theme brought out beautifully in the final twenty pages. There is no reason to even read beyond the first book of the cycle, everything you need to feel is right here in this one. People who have nothing but distaste for Stephen King would never believe he could write this well. I like this book even more so than The Stand.
The Gunslinger, Stephen King Stephen King, like many authors, writes for assignment and for himself. the Gunslinger; The Dark Tower, was written for himself from the heart. Roland, a Knight in not so shining armor, pursues the Dark Tower; a nexus of time and worlds. He has an undisclosed purpose that leads his followers to a loyalty to the death. In this first of many books the beginning is slow, steady and paced. It is a bit difficult for a young reader but is well remembered for its finish and promise of more. He does deliver in future books as well. Roland is a vivid character and the world he lives in is well populated with promise and disaster.
Excellent King's DT series is nothing short of excellent. While some would argue that the series lacks cohesion and that some compelling ideas are introduced but never explored (particularly in the 3rd installment), King's heros' journey is still simply incredible. If a mixing of flavors on one big plate is appealing (fantasy, sci-fi, romance, western) these books will deliver. It's Tolkien, Owen Whister, and Akira Kurosawa all in one place. As a point of interest, this series is the nexus of many of King's other books - The Stand, Hearts in Atlantis, Eyes of the Dragon, and 'Salem's Lot to name a few connections.
A very fun ride I've read several of Stehen King's books, I think the Gunslinger is a very easy read, you can finish it in one afternoon. The story is not overly complicated, but it keeps you turning the page. I don't like giving plot "spoilers" I'll just say the reader follows a man on a mission of revenge, and Stephen King sure knows how to create a "moody" setting, this book gives you the "chills" in a sense because it's a dark post-apocalyptic type world where the reader can constantly feel the tension! I haven't read the entire saga that follows but this book has whetted my appetite and I may read the whole saga.
The Dark Tower l I enjoyed reading this book . The first time I tried to read was some years back and could not wrap my head around it . Now am ready forefathers whole series . I have many of Kings books and have enjoyed them all especially Under The Dome !!! You really need to read that BOOK soon to be on TV.
Enjoyable enough to continue on to book 2... I've been a Stephen King fan since I was about 9 and 20 years later I'm finally taking on one of the Dark Tower novels I've heard fantasy nerds rave about. I find this entire genre perplexing and have held my nose up around those who enjoy this sort of thing. King seems to just be warming up in this brief novel (and at 8 books and counting, he certainly was just getting started) about The Gunslinger and his quest to capture "the man in black." As I sort of figured I would, I enjoyed the opening salvo, an ode to westerns. The further the book got the more the narrative turned to talk of wizards and fate and Fate. If this were anyone other than an already highly regarded author such as King, I would no doubt have been rolling my eyes in parts. Some scenes were rather memorable and exciting and I loved the paintings included. I look forward to reading book two with equal parts excitement and trepidation.
A great novel with lots of twists. The Gunslinger is a carnivorous style of writing mixed in with a well-developed character driven story. I really loved this book. It's action was fast and well thought out. Meaning it wasn't just a "shoot and kill" type of story. King's characters seem to move with million of calculations in each step.Although some of the characters are a little out of place, they go along with the contrast the entire has with itself. Also, the back stories will keep you guled to the rest of the Darktower series. There are a lot of great twists and turns. I highly recommened this novel.
This one will get you hooked! I wasn't much of a novel reader before I was given a King novel (IT) by my mother. She opened the door to Stephen King's world, and I haven't closed it since. I just finished what I consider to be the best book I have ever read, "The Gunslinger." This book is the epidimy of writing. I was entranced by this book. I finished it in one week, a personal record. And now I am starting on "Drawing of The Three." I only hope this story gets better, as I hear it does. I hope to one day understand Rolands's seemingly foggy past. And maybe one day I can reach the Tower. MSM
Phenomenal Phenomenal! I love this book. Its the beginning of a series that will take you places you could never predict or foresee. This one, Wizard and Glass and The Drawing of the Three are my favorites but for sure read them all in order. This one is pretty slow going for a while, but dig in and make it through, you will not be disappointed you did. It's not very long compared to the others so its not slow for long. Enjoy it, I did.
I'm HOOKED I'm not a big fan of King. I read The Shinning and The Stand back when I was a kid and never really understood what the big deal was. Sure he has a great writing style but the man doesn't seem to know how to write an ending. The ONLY book of his that I enjoyed before this one was The Eyes of the Dragon. So usually when I'm looking over paperbacks I skip over the King books. What drew me to this one was the idea of a western/horror novel.(Plus it was on sale for only $6) I've always been a big fan of both genres and the idea of them coming together intrigued me. So I gave it a whirl and am glad that I did. I really enjoyed Roland's style and the bits of back history that King drops in from time to time. He really drew me in and I'm happy to say that I'll be giving The Dark Tower series a chance. I just hope King doesn't let me down in the big finale.
Absolutely Amazing After reading many of King's books throughout high school and later into college, I readily tired of the visual allegory attempted by a writing style that I associated more with script writing. The Gunslinger, however, completely changed my expectations of all science fiction and fantasy authors. The unusual writing style, the changing mental patterns and awareness of the characters is stunning and creates a challenge to read and understand. For those tiring of the Forgotten Realms style drivel, immerse yourself in a book that has the power to change your perceptions of the genre.
Patchy in parts This book was mostly pretty good & enjoyable but it wasn't awesome, even with Stephen King's updated revisions. Stephen King himself admits readers may find this book difficult to get into. I've decided to persevere & I'm halfway through the next book which is so much better. This book is the shortest in the series so it's worthwhile reading it. I feel that I should mention that if you struggled with this book & got through it you will be rewarded by picking up book 2. If I was able to give half marks, I'd give this 3.5 stars as even though it is good there are some slow spots.
Loved it! I put off reading this series for a while but I'm so glad King finished so I could get started. My mind was blown at the end when there is a discussion about size and relativity. Wow can't wait to read the next one!!
the gunslinger the first line of the first chapter caught my attention at the library but after going home and starting the book, i grudingly went on to the last page; only because i've never not finished a book when started. i've never liked stephen king when i was younger but now, i've lightly grasped what makes him such a good writer. i say only read this book so that you can get into the second, third and fourth. after each, i craved to read the next. i didn't crave into obsession, but still, this series was good enough to go on. the characters are genuine but the main one, the best.
A Decent Read This is my first read-through of The Gunslinger, so my opinion is that of one who does not know anything about the story of The Dark Tower beyond the first book. On its own, its a Decent Read. As one reviewer put more elegantly, the novel is short on action and heavy on atmosphere. An appropriate way I'd describe it would be 'weird', which is definitely not a bad thing. In the foreward, King talks about how the story is inspired by the Spaghetti Western Films of Sergio Leone (mainly his 'Dollars' trilogy) and Tolkien's 'The Lord of the Rings'. Its too bad that the story doesn't contain much humor or action akin to Leone's films, or the epic-scale and wonder of Tolkien's story. I do, however, understand that this novel is essentially one long setup for the premise of the series, and that is most likely doesn't pick up until the sequel . . .
What . . . . happened? What a strange little book. The entire series is weird, but this one is just ... plain ... strange. That's not to say it's not good ... in a strange sort of way. You should read it first, just to get the feel for how strange some of the much longer (and better) books later in the series can get, but this is the poorest of the four out so far. I finished this irritated by the gunslinger (although he hadn't reached the heights of irritatingness he would reach in Part IV) and his little friend, Jake. I don't know why I'm recommending this, but I am. Strange.
A very slow start, but worth sticking with the series This review might contain small spoilers for later books in the series. I found the story of The Gunslinger difficult to follow in the beginning. Just being tossed into a fantasy world without much description of it's general history I found to be a little confusing. As the book progressed I found it became easier to follow (maybe it just took me some time to get into the story). I really enjoyed the overlap with pieces of the 'real' world. My favorite character was Jake, and I was disappointed when it seemed that his storyline would be cut short. Overall I didn't really care for this book, but the introduction to key characters and the world in general makes it essential to continue the series. I'm on book five now, and really liked the books after this one. So if you read this one and you're not sure if you want to continue, at least give the second book a try before calling it quits.
Sets the hook for the rest of the books After reading several of King's book I kept noticing references to other stories by the author with the same themes. I was eventually directed to the "Dark Tower" series and this, the first of seven, sets the stage for this epic journey in a time shifting futuristic landscape. I could't wait to start the next book and see how the deep thinking, quick as lightning, gunslinger "Roland" meets his destiny as foretold by "the man in black" If you would like a sci-fi post apocalyptic, prophecy driven story, this is it. Sorry it took so long to find this gem!
Vintage King - Recommended for Fantasy Fans Fantasy fans, please note that this book is usually located in the HORROR section in book stores. I liked the character of the "Evil" enchanter, whom I thought was the most charismatic and enigmatic character in the novel. Most of all, I loved the haunting, dreamlike quality of the novel. Compare this book to, say, Donaldson's "Mirror of Her Dreams", and you'll see how masterful King is in setting up the characters, context, and the mood with economic precision. The ending leaves the reader shaking with anticipation for the sequel.
This is my favorite Stephen King. I am an avid reader of Stephen Kings books, but I have to admit thie Dark Tower series is my favorite. This is my 4th reading. Re-visiting and re-aquainting myself with Roland and all the other characters in the books is something I truly enjoy. What a fresh and wonderful idea. I know of no other books that even come close to Mr. Kings idea for this great story. I'll be eternally surprised at all the nuances and adventures I have forgotten between readings. Even though the series is long each book is fresh and full of new adventures and characters. Can't recommend this series highly enough. Even if you aren't a big fan of Stephen King this series is well worth reading, and re-reading. On to the next book, need to catch up so I can continue on to the newest books in the series.
good book The Gunslinger by Stephen King is a great book. It has everything that you would expect from this exceptional author. It has horror, suspense, violence, and relationships. There is a great balance between action and suspense, with just the right amount of filler and details between action sequences. It even has the epic struggle between good and evil that has become so important in most Stephen King books. In my opinion, it it the best Stephen king book I have ever read and I'm looking foreward to reading the other books in The Dark Tower series.
